"You heard me goddamn it, Show me what she made you do that day."





begin A Friend in Need - I take advantage of my friend's passed out wife.

A Friend in Need - I take advantage of my friend's passed out wife.




end of A Friend in Need - I take advantage of my friend's passed out wife.



begin Lightningbugs and Spring Storms - Maybe you're not the only voyeur.


Lightningbugs and Spring Storms - Maybe you're not the only voyeur.



end of Lightningbugs and Spring Storms - Maybe you're not the only voyeur.



begin On Silent Feet, The house was quiet.

On Silent Feet, The house was quiet.



end of On Silent Feet, The house was quiet.


begin December 2012, End of the World.

December 2012, End of the World.


end of December 2012, End of the World.



begin Cindy's Awakening - An exhibitionist is born! 

Cindy's Awakening - An exhibitionist is born! 



end of Cindy's Awakening - An exhibitionist is born! 



begin 



The Camera Never Lies: 4 Part Series
The Camera Never Lies Ch. 01, Woman spies on her unfaithful husband and gets a surprise.	 Incest/Taboo 	08/28/09
The Camera Never Lies Ch. 02, A mother's plan to film incest goes wrong.	 Incest/Taboo 	07/19/11
The Camera Never Lies Ch. 03, Mindy draws Sara deeper into her control.	 Incest/Taboo 	09/20/11
The Camera Never Lies Ch. 04, Sara becomes an eager partner with her daughter.   



end of 


begin Dirty Panties, The laundry basket bring siblings closer together.

Dirty Panties, The laundry basket bring siblings closer together.



end of Dirty Panties, The laundry basket bring siblings closer together.


pull out your penis and play with it for me, so i can watch you masturbating.





begin A Friend in Need - I take advantage of my friend's passed out wife.

A Friend in Need - I take advantage of my friend's passed out wife.


A Friend in Need
byKKross©
My job had moved me halfway across the world from Mumbai India to Minneapolis MN USA about a year ago, while this was a step up in my career it also meant that I left behind my family and most of my friends, on the plus side it put some distance between my mother and myself.

Don't get me wrong I adore my mom, but like all Indian mothers she has been on my case for a few years now to settle down with a nice girl, and while I've had a few long term relationships in the past things never seemed to work out. With the big 30 staring me in the face now time according to my mum was running out.

Like I said I'm 29, about 5'11" and 210 pounds. And unlike most protagonist here am not super humanly endowed I come in at a quiet average 6 inches which so far has not had any complaints from the girls I've known.

The one plus point of moving to MN I had to look forward to is getting back together with my close friend and compadre Rahul, I met him 6 years earlier by the quirk of fate that decides who you get placed next to in the office cubicle assignments on your first day. We hit it off and I was soon a regular fixture in his house and even became good buddies with his wife Niki.

Oh Niki, she's always been one of the guys, she's very little drama, and she's definitely a hot little number. Niki's 32, about 5'4", 120 pounds, a nice C-cup, and she has one of the best asses I've ever seen on a girl. It sits high, full, and tight, and she always wears those super low cut jeans that accentuate it in the best way. I've often fantasized about getting into those little jeans, but never have tried. She's my friend's hot wife and since I did not live in a porno I always left it at that.

The first few weeks in Minneapolis was the usual mad rush of finding an apartment, living out of suitcases and trying to work out a way to get to the office that did not involve hitchhiking, fortunately Rahul was kind enough to let me crash on his couch and drive me to work for the 2 weeks that I needed to find an apartment and buy a car. Life was almost the same as it always was as far as the two of us were concerned, the only difference being that we now had our cubicles on separate floors.

As you can imagine I was pretty grateful for their help and so after my first paycheck had cleared and I'd squared off all the loans I'd taken I bought them tickets to a concert, it was for a trance music festival, personally I never liked trance ,I've always been metal but this was about thanking them and they liked trance so that was that and I plonked down the money for the 3 tickets.

The evening of the concert I drove over to their apartment to pick them up, Rahul was waiting for me on the couch and was dressed in his usual Football shirt and jeans, Niki was still in the bathroom getting ready for the night. Niki eventually came out of the bathroom and I must have had my mouth open and drooling because she laughed quiet good naturedly , although I doubt any male could have been blamed, she was wearing a short red summer dress that tied behind the neck. The neckline was very low cut and the cleavage she was showing took my breath away. I immediately started to get hard. She had on black 4" heels that made her legs look fantastic. Her hair was about shoulder blade length, and she was as pretty as she always had been. I should say that I'm not a big boob guy, and prefer a nice ass instead. That being said, no man can resist staring at some great cleavage. Niki came over and gave me a huge hug. While hugging her I could feel the warmth from her body and it was fairly obvious that she did not have a bra on. Rahul seemed nonplussed; he was used to us being friendly like that.

After a little small talk we jumped in the SUV and I drove to the concert, we joined the crowd on the ground and that's when I realized that my friends had picked up a few more habits since I last saw them in India, they lit up on what were clearly home rolled joints, they saw me watching and offered me a hit, now I don't even smoke cigarettes and I wasn't going to start now so I declined and since I also had to drive back I couldn't have any of the booze either, however to get them to stop their mockery of my tee totaling ways I had quite a few beers . Eventually though they were doing all kinds of shit, stuff was being passed around and bought freely among the crowd and apart from the dealers I might have been the only one there who would pass a drug test unless you count second hand smoke.

By the end of four hours I had a pair of very drunk, very stoned friends who needed to be half carried half dragged back to the SUV. That's not to say that I was a complete gentleman, afterall I'm only human, I had my arm firmly around Niki and "accidentally" once or twice managed to grab a handful of tit, if she noticed she never said anything, I loaded them into the back seats, got the seat belts on and drove them back.

I managed to wake them up sufficiently to get them up the stairs and into their apartment eventually by which time they were starting to get back to lucidity, I decided to hang around till they got to bed just to make sure they did not burn down the place by accident, its then that I noticed them taking some more pills, before I could stop them they had already swallowed it down and were staggering into bed.

I had to now stay the night because I wasn't sure it was safe to leave them alone, I kept the bedroom door open and started to fluff up the couch cushions when I noticed Niki was astride Rahul and very slowly and obviously riding his cock, but all that contraband in their systems had its effect and eventually she rolled off Rahul and they both collapsed into a stupor. 

From where I was on the couch I had a clear view of Niki's magnificent ass and after just a moment's hesitation I walked up to her side of the bed, I stood there undecided and conflicting thoughts ran through my head "Rahul has been a good friend to you, he took care of you like a brother." 

"Yes but look at that ass, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity." and so on and so forth, eventually I rationalized it out that I'd straighten out her dress to cover up her modesty and if anyone woke up and asked, I'd say I just got finished putting her into bed.

My heart pounding I reached out and touched her smooth legs, slowly running my hands up them slowly I reached her firm and pert little behind, she had on a g string so I really was starting to enjoy myself that was when I heard a moan and she started to roll over.

I froze in fear, but she was still passed out and now I could see those tits almost spilling out of that dress of hers, I was sure I'd get into trouble for this but didn't want to miss my chance, so I reached out with one hand and started to massage Niki's tits. They felt fantastic, eventually I really started to squeeze and molest those things. Niki wasn't complaining so I started to play with her nips and tweak them to little rockets. it took me about half a second to put Niki's right nipple in my mouth. I started tonguing her nipple and really sucking away at it. While I sucked on her nipple I was massaging the same tit with my left hand and rubbing Niki's pussy with my right. I was going to be lucky if I didn't cum in my pants.

I eventually tore myself away from Niki's nipple and started pulling Niki's tiny little g string off and over her slutty high heels. I then turned Niki on the bed and put her thin thighs over my shoulders. I bent over a bit and started to kiss the inside of Niki's thighs. I then dove mouth first into Niki's shaved pussy. I ate her like a man possessed. I was licking her all over the outer lips, deep inside, and everywhere I could get my tongue. Her pussy was gushing juices and even though she was passed out her body was responding to my tonguing. 

I was pretty sure I was raping Niki, but I was too far gone now. I searched their bedside table and found what I was looking for, rolling on the condom I squirted some of the KY I also found in there and I pulled Niki's ass to the edge of the tall bed. I then put both of her beautiful legs straight up in front of me and I started to rub my hard cock against her outer lips. I then eased my cock into Niki's dripping pussy until I was buried to the hilt. Niki's hands then clutched at the sheets and her face twisted in what appeared to be pleasure. I wondered if she was waking up, but at this point couldn't have quit if I wanted to. I then started to fuck Niki with abandon. I was so worked up that all I wanted to do was cum. I knew I wouldn't last much longer so I really started to drive deep into Niki's pussy. Her face was contorted, she was moaning just a bit. 

I glanced over at Rahul but he was still completely out. A few more drives and I unleashed a torrent of cum. As my knees buckled I pulled my semi-erect tool out of Niki and stepped back. I looked at Niki she looked hotter than I had ever seen her. Legs splayed open, big tits pointing proudly from her chest, and her slutty little heels still on.

I went to the bathroom to get rid of the condom and relieve my bladder of the many beers I'd had. While in the bathroom I was hoping to get hard again so I could fuck her again. When I returned to the bedroom I saw that Niki had rolled over and was fully onto the bed facedown. I placed two pillows under Niki's hips, and her perfectly rounded ass was pointing up into the air. My cock grew back to full strength. I then slightly spread her thighs and started to rub her still drenched cunt. I scooped up some KY onto my fingers and then started to massage it into Niki's asshole. i massaged it and then started to push two fingers into her ass. At this point I was definitely hard again. I had worked both fingers deep into Niki's ass and started to fuck her with a good rhythm. Niki was facedown but I could hear her moaning slightly. I climbed onto the bed behind Niki. I rubbed my fully erect cock all over Niki's sloppy pussy and then pushed it against her little rosebud. I put pressure onto Niki's ass slowly, and after a bit it opened up. I pushed forward until I could feel her ass grip the head of my cock. I stayed there until her ass loosened and I slowly pushed forward. Her ass relented and I slowly slipped my cock deep into it. I layed forward onto Niki's body and drove my cock all the way into her ass. Once I was embedded I laid still to enjoy the moment and to let her ass get used to the invasion.I realized I wasn't using a condom this time but it was too late to stop now, I began fucking Niki's ass with long strokes. As I fucked her ass I could hear her whimper louder and louder. Her hands were by her head and she was slowly clawing at the sheets. This drove me on to really fuck her tight ass. I had always wanted to abuse her perfect little ass and now I was. I fucked her hard while squezzing and pinching her perfect ass cheeks.I continued to pound her ass as hard as I could until I felt it clamp down on my cock as I came deep in Niki's ass. I shot my load deep inside her and then collapsed onto her. 

I pulled my dick from Niki's sweet ass and cum started leaking from it and down over her well used pussy. I rolled over and off the bed as I wondered how to clean up Niki. But the exertions of the night were starting to get to me as well and I zipped up, stumbled out of the bedroom and closed the door behind me.

The next thing I knew it was 7:00 AM, and I was waking up on the couch. Rahul and Niki were still in bed, I looked in on them and they were still asleep, I pulled the covers onto them as best I could brewed a cup of coffee and waited, I knew what I did was wrong and was prepared to face the consequences of my actions.

I heard them talking at around 9, in spite of myself I leaned close to the door and eaves dropped, "Rahul I told you I don't like it in the butt, why did you do it?"

"I'm sorry honey I don't remember much of what happened last night it must have been the drugs." they argued some more and I realized they did not know I was in the apartment, I walked swiftly to the kitchen and proceeded to intentionally drop a pan.

The response was immediate, Rahul was out of the bedroom baseball bat in hand, "Sorry Rahul, didn't mean to wake you'll." I said, "You'll were pretty out of it last night and I thought I best if I stayed over and looked out for you'll, hope you don't mind." he seemed unsure for a while and then saw the pillows and sheets on the couch. 

"Yeah ok." he said, he stood there for a few more minutes bat in hand while my heart raced, I fully expected to be hit upside the head. Eventually he walked back into the bedroom closing the door behind him.

I resumed my eaves-dropping and could hear Niki "You think he heard us."

"I don't know," Rahul replied, "if he did hear us he isn't saying anything so it might be best to not mention it."

I realized they still thought that Rahul had fucked Niki, the most reasonable explanation available, I decided to keep quiet as well and played along, we had breakfast and I noticed Niki's ass was so sore that she could barely sit. It was a quiet breakfast for me mainly cause I was trying to keep my emotions under wrap and for them I suppose because they were still recovering from the night before.

After breakfast as I walked to the door Niki came up to me and said "Thanks for taking care of us last night, you're a good friend." 

My heart sank into my stomach as she said that and I could only manage a very soft "Sure no problem." as I closed the door behind me.

end of A Friend in Need - I take advantage of my friend's passed out wife.













begin Lightningbugs and Spring Storms - Maybe you're not the only voyeur.


Lightningbugs and Spring Storms - Maybe you're not the only voyeur.

Lightningbugs and Spring Storms, by MSTarot.

I lay in my hammock listening to the singing of the cicadas in the trees, the cool spring breeze is making the branches sway a little. Far over head the sky is stars and drifts of fluffy clouds.

Off in the distance I hear thunder rumble with the promise of rain soon to come tonight, but for now the approaching storm front is just enough wind to drive away the muggy April heat.Warmest spring on record. I can smell the honeys suckle and the sweet shrubs are blooming. The tall hedge is white with their blooms. The hedge that separates my yard from my neighbors.

My neighbor.

A more beautiful woman I've never seen. Hair like sun burnt corn, it shines golden in the light. Her eyes are like the waters of my swimming hole from when I was a kid. Warm and blue on top, but underneath cold and dark, down into depth unimaginably dark blue.

She didn't recognize me when she moved in, but I knew her. We went to the same school.

She was the Prom Queen, head cheerleader. Most popular girl. Even then she outshone the girls around her like a rose among daises.

I hear soft music from her open window. I listen intently trying to hear past the singing of both bugs and people.

I smile startled when a lightning bug blinks right in front of my nose.

Lifting a hand I snag him from the air softly. Old memories of catching them and pulling them in jars lend my hands their old skill. I open my palm to find him okay. His lighted tail winks at me. He gives a few blinks then starts to walk up my finger. He opens his wings and flies off into the night. I smile thinking about the story he will tell his wife.

My smile grows as in the dark I hear the low soft moan of a woman in the throws of passion. I wonder if she is even aware of the pattern that she has fallen into.

Like most of the houses around here we open the windows at night in the spring to save on the power bill.

I turn my head towards the thick hedge. The almost over powering smell of the flowers is beyond perfume. The soft breeze caries the smell to me as I strain to hear her. I hear a second soft moan.

I watch the lightning bugs blinking between the hedge and I wonder for a second if the one I caught is among them.

So many years have passed since the last frantic days of high school. The mad scramble to get yearbooks signed by people you would never see again. I know without looking that her name isn't in mine. I didn't have the courage to ask her to sign.

I take hold of my cock as I listen to her moan again. Soon they are coming quicker and quicker together. Low moans, soft gasps of pleasure. Every Saturday night, almost like clock work. I wonder what event in life has her locked into this pattern of self-pleasure. My mind has played through many scenario, but I'm sure none are right.

I slip my hand quietly up and down my cock listening to her. The shaft is hard and the skin slides silky through my fingers.

The idea of how silky her skin must feel passes over me.

The sounds from the window only feet away beyond the hedge grow in volume. The tone changes to a more demanding pace. I stroke myself faster in response.

A flash of light pulls my eyes. Not bugs this time, but true lightning. The rumble of thunder silences the cicadas. The breeze stops suddenly. The wind chimes on my porch grow silent.

I hear deep throated begs for pleasure from her now. Demands for gratification really.

I wish I had the courage to go knock on her door and offer to satisfy those demands. Those and any other she may have in mind. Hell I would worship at her feet if I could make her cum just once. My fingers, tongue, and cock all her's to command.

Her moans begin to become whimpers.

I have to suppress the desire to join mine with hers. I know if I did she would stop and these magical nights would end.

Opening my eyes I see the lightning bugs by the hedge blinking their frantic codes. Looking for their lover's light. I smile as for a second I wish it was that simple for me. Then the absurdity of my ass flashing a light to attract a woman distracts me for a second.

The breeze returns then, stronger than before. The smell of the hedge disappears and the scent of rain begins to fill my nose.

I hear her all, but scream her passion as she cums. My moment's distraction has me off pace with her. I now pull faster on my cock trying to catch up as my ears strain to her the last panting moans.

I'm getting so very close to cumming when there is a dreadfully close crawl of lightning across the night sky over head. I hear my windows rattle from the thunder.

Through the hedge I see the lighted outline of her window appear. Her window slams shut killing the soft music. My desire dies with it. Without her presence I can't finish. It doesn't concern me overly much though. I know that next Saturday my lover and I will get together again. If only she knew she was that to me.

I get up from my hammock to go close my own windows. I put my softening cock back into my pants and zip it away.

Once inside my house I start to close down the windows, shutting out the storm. The first heavy drops of rain are falling even as I get to the last one.

Looking out the window across the hedge her eyes and mind meet. We both stand arms lifted to pull windows down. She's wearing a thin slip of pale blue, that hugs her incredible body like an old lovers hands.

I see the terror on her face as the distant siren starts to howl. The low to high scream warns of the storm's fury. Looking away for a second as lightning flashes I miss seeing her run from the window.

I pause by the TV only long enough to know I need to be moving faster.

I grab my raincoat and flashlight from the back door as I rush out into the storm. I see a light moving franticly across her backyard towards the gate between our yards.

When she first moved in I told her to use my shelter if the weather got bad, since her house doesn't have one.

I struggle into my raincoat as I cross my yard The lightning bugs are gone, their night of pleasure with their mate as interrupted as my own. I see her light disappear into the door of the shelter even as lightning hits the tree in the front yard.

I hug the ground in terror as frightened, as my cave dwelling ancestors must have been at the power of the sky. As more lightning lights the sky I see for a second a shape in the clouds that make that bit of terror seem insignificant.

I claw the wet grass bringing myself to my feet. I flee from that which I can not fight even as the wind begins to build a roaring sound.

As I pull open the door of the shelter my ears are popping. I see the transformer blow across the street from my house in a ball of green fire that is sucked upwards. I have to fight a horrible suction to get the door closed again. I slam the bar into place even as the roar becomes loud enough to be heard through the tick concrete walls. Less like a train, as I've always heard, more like a big jet engine just before the plane takes off.

I back away from the door when something-heavy hits it just seconds after I get it closed.

I turn and find her in my arms. Her body trembling like the leaves in my trees. I hold her to me as she cries in terror.

She is I notice, in the light of her discarded flashlight, still dress just in the blue slip. It clings to her like a second skin now. The silk wet from the storm.

I realize then that some of her shivers maybe from the cold. I shrug out of my coat and wrap it around her. As I do she looks up at me and I find myself lost in those deep blue eyes.

Pushed beyond simple fears by the terror of the storm I do what I've never had the courage to do my whole life. Even as the full fury of a southern wind destroys the world outside I pull her to me and kiss her.

She freezes startled into immobility, then she begins to push against me. I hold us together even as the world outside comes apart. Ever so slowly I feel her begin to kiss me back.

The passion of the kiss grows when I feel her hands in my hair pulling my mouth closer to hers.

Her body is soft and yielding to my hands as I gently caress wet silk then equally smooth skin. Her mouth opens as I take her bare breast into my hand. Her tongue dances with mine as I pinch her nipple taut.

I hear her moan against my chest, so familiar a sound. I realize then that I can hear her perfectly. All the sounds outside have stopped.

When she pushes gently against me this time I don't resist. As we part her eyes look at my face first with surprise then with a little look of recognition.

Going to the door I try to push it open, but it wont budge. Flipping a switch on the hinges I open it inwards.

One of he large trees my hammock is normally tied to is snapped in half. The top part of it's trunk is what's against the door.

I hear sirens in the distance as I help her out over the tree. As I lift her down my hands at her waist her's on my shoulders out eyes meet again. She looks puzzled.

We turn from each other's eyes and look at our homes.

Her house looks untouched at least from here. No the roof has a lot of shingles missing I see as lightning flashes. I wipe the wet drizzle out my eyes and look to my place.

My roof is gone! Looking behind me I see parts of it on the neighbors house behind me. The rest appears to be in the trees in his yard. Looking back I notice the front of my car is in her front yard. That's when I notice it. I shouldn't be able to see her front yard from here.

The honey suckle and sweet shrub hedge that separated out houses is no where to be seen. Its beautiful smell is gone from my life forever.

I smell the scent of pine in the air as I hear the sirens grow in numbers.

"I'm Sharon."

I turn to her. There in the dark between us a lightning bug flashes. The thunder rumbles in the distance as our eyes meet.

I smile to myself, as I understand what has just happen.

"I know." I tell her smiling.

In the days to come many people would tell us how we were blessed.

For once I believe it.



end of Lightningbugs and Spring Storms - Maybe you're not the only voyeur.


begin On Silent Feet, The house was quiet.

On Silent Feet, The house was quiet.

On Silent Feet
byMSTarot©
(wrote for fun enjoy) <./em>

I move quietly into the hall, my bare feet slipping noiselessly across the thick carpet. I pause by our parent's room. Dad's snores sound lightly through the crack in the door. I'm tempted to open the door and cross to the bed. To slide a hand under Mom's nightgown till it's filled with her soft breasts. As I've done before. I know I could get away with it again. She takes pills to help her get to sleep.

Tonight though I have other breast in mind. My older sister Sandra had moved back in for a few weeks till she can get an apartment.

I'd heard her crying earlier. Looking into her room I saw Mom trying to comfort her. Mom had told me to go get the bottle of pills from her bedside table.

Sandra had taken two.

I pause at her door and listen. My breath is harsh, almost a pant as the excitement makes me shiver. I silently turn the knob. As the door opens I listen, but hear only her soft breathing. A nasally inhale that's not quite a snore.

Slipping into the room I close the door and start towards the bed. I stop quickly and have to bite down on my bottom lip to keep from cussing as my big toe hits the caster of her suitcase.

Silently swearing I rub at my toe for a few seconds.

Damn that hurt!

Moving to the side of the bed I look down on my older sister. She lays in a sprawl, the way she has always slept. Her face is at peace now. The large bruises under her eyes are purplish black, but the swelling has gone down.

Sitting down on the side of the bed next to her I pull the sheet back a little. Her silk covered breasts rise up from her chest like small hills ready to be climbed. The thin black teddy she's wearing is more for fun than comfort, but she packed in a hurry. Just dumping drawers into suitcases really.

First I place a gentle kiss on her lips, near the angry red split. I gently caress the soft material back from her shoulder. The bruising is darker there. Hard hands had gripped her with terrible force. Leaning in I kiss her shoulder, then her neck, all the while breathing in her scent.

I place gentle kisses on her lips then sit back up.

Slowly I peal back the cloth from her breast till the dark nipples appear. I watch her face, but see no change as I cup her with my hand. I kneed her breast gently pinching the nipple between my fingers. Her breasts are still very firm. At twenty-eight she's ten years older than me, but like Mom looks barely out her teens. Hell Mom still gets carded when she's buying alcohol.

Baring her other breast I fill both hands with warm skin. My courage grows with the passing minutes. Leaning down I suck her nipple into my mouth, gently mouthing the dark skin. I push her breast together.

I go from nipple to nipple sucking hard now.

My breath catches in my throat as I hear a soft moan escape from her mouth. Now that I notice her breathing is faster now as well.

Stopping I sit back for a second, just watching her. Getting up I go to the door and listen to the sounds of the house. Dad's snores have grown in volume a bit.

Going back to Sandra's bed I pull the sheet off her. My eyes roam from her delicately painted toes, up across her slim ankles. Past the rose tattoo on her calf then across her knees. I place a hand on her silky thighs.

My fingers slide under the lacy edge of the teddy and under a thong. I smile as they go through fluffy curls. For some reason I had been sure she would be shaved smooth. Turning my hand a bit I spread her outer lips a bit till my thumb touches her clit. I gently rub it in slow circles, feeling it swell under my touch.

Leaning in I look at her face. She moans softly and her thighs open. My heart nearly stops then her hips lift up to my touch. She is slick under my fingers as I go back to gently rubbing her clit.

Looking at her face I see her panting, afraid I'm about to wake her I take my hand away. I pull the sheet back up to cover her, lifting my shaking hand to my face to wipe sweat away from my face I stop cold.

Oh god the smell of her!

I bury my fingers under my nose breathing in her rich scent. I lick the side of my thumb tasting the thick juices that cover it.

Panting in a near mad rush I pull back the sheet. Not caring if I wake her now I open her thighs and start kissing her inner legs. I pull aside the small bit of lace; the smell of her is overpowering. I bury my face into her pussy, my tongue licking and lapping at the slick folds. I suck the taste of her off her skin and into my mouth reveling in the flavor.

She begins to moan now shifting her hips on the sheets. I slip my hands under her hips and hold her ass keeping her still as I devour her. I lick deep into her; the juices there are thick and strong flavored. I scoop them out and swallow them like honey. I feel fingers come to rest on my head, brushing my hair.

As I lash her clit with my tongue I feel shiver run through her thighs. Then they clasp hard on my shoulder and she moans deep and guttural.

And loud enough to worry me. I pull back quickly from her. Looking up at her face it's aglow in the dim light. Her breast are rising and falling as she pants.

Her eyes are still closed! As I watch she slowly settles down to an even breathing. She rolls to her side. Her plump ass temps me for a second, then I figure I've pushed my luck far enough for one night.

I gently cover my sister back up and start to go. Then I stop and turn back to her. I gently knee walk onto the bed and leaning down place a soft kiss on her cheek. She snuggles down into her pillows.

Getting up I leave her side and make my way back out into the hall. As I pass Mom and Dads room I notice Dad's snoring has stopped. Then I hear the flush of their toilet.

Trying to step lightly I hurry down the hall to my room. I hear heavy footsteps in the hall just seconds after my door is closed. They go past my door and down the stairs.

I know my father's routine. He's going to go make coffee. Mom won't get up for a bit.

I have time.

Reaching down across my stomach I plunge fingers into the wet pudding between my thighs. They slide between my lips and into me easily. My thumb's knuckle finds my clit from old habit. I shake and quiver as I rub my fingers up and down. Oh how wonderfully wet I feel.

I curl up on my hand grinding myself against my fingers. I moan, I can't help it. I turn my head into my pillows. They muffle my sobs of pleasure as I continue to finger myself.

I hear my door open

"Honey are you alright?" asks my Mom sticking her head into the door.

I curl up around my self a little.

"Yea Mom just some cramps." I tell her softly.

She crosses to the bed and sits down beside me laying her hand on my side.

"Poor baby." She whispers. "My goodness you must be hurting your all sweaty. Why don't you go take you a long hot soak? Breakfast will keep." 

She leans down and plants a kiss on my cheek. I notice a strange look cross her face then she's getting up and leaving.

Sitting up I shake my head in frustration. Damn it. Giving a shrug, I get up and head for the bathroom. I can at least hope for some privacy if I'm naked in a tub. I've cum there more than once before.

Just as I'm about to open the bathroom door it opens before me. Sandra steps out looking like a raccoon with her two black eyes, but she gives me a smile. She steps up and gives me a hug. I feel her pause for second then she leans back giving me a strange look. Leaning in she sniffs at my face then a slow mischievous grin appears.

Her hands pull me in tight to her and I feel her bury her face in my hair.

I gasp as I feel her teeth sink into my neck and her mouth sucking at my neck just under my ear. I shudder as her tongue teases the skin pulled into her mouth.

Then she's back away from me looking me I the eye smiling at me wickedly. "You are a very naughty little girl sis, but thank you."

She brushes a hand across my breast giving my nipple a pinch as she walks past me towards the stairs. When I turn to watch her she looks back at me and winks. She runs the tip of her tongue across her teeth and grinning skips down the stairs.

I plunge into the bathroom and all but rip my clothes off in my haste to get at myself. In the mirror I see the hickey my sister just gave me. Leaning on the vanity, I bury my fingers up inside myself. Shuddering I look up at my sweaty face. Fingers aren't enough. I grab up a brush from by the sink and run the handle into me.

On trembling legs I bite my lip to keep from screaming as I cum all over the handle of my hairbrush.

Panting I pull it slowly from out of me. The hard plastic brushes across my clit almost causing a second orgasm just that easily. I look up in the mirror at myself and give myself a grin at how sinfully flushed my face looks.

Turning on the water I fill the tub with vanilla bubble bath. Sinking into the warm suds I lean back and relax.

I shake my head wondering what tonight will bring. Once Mom and Dad are asleep.

And the house is quiet.

end of On Silent Feet, The house was quiet.


begin December 2012, End of the World.

December 2012, End of the World.

December 2012
byMSTarot©
My grandfather was one of those people who worried about the Russians nuking us back in the early days. Around the time of the Cuban missile crises, he bought land out away from any major city. It truly was in the back of beyond. 

Now grandpa made a lot of money working for a major airline contractor. He used that money to build the house I grew up in. Though to call it a house is like calling a wolf a lap dog. He built a bunker in every sense of the word. The house was built to survive a near miss from a nuke, or at least as well as anything above ground can.

Concrete walls four-foot thick, military grade blast windows, Solid steel doors, I swear to God, five inches thick. The roof was a dirt bank that over hung the top of the house. It was meant to give protection from fall out.

And that was just the above ground part. Once you go threw a hidden door you would find a door not out of place in a bank vault. 

Grandpa served in Europe after WW2 he patterned the rest of the house after German bunkers he saw over there. The concrete walls were laced with metal. Walls, ceiling, floor all had it. Grandma thought her husband was insane. Then the Russians detonated that monster nuke in Siberia just to show they could. After that she gave him her full support.

Well those bombers never flew from Russia. His friends laughed at him for all the money he had wasted.

Then came the long years of the cold war. With tensions rising higher every year. My Dad grew up through that. If Grandpa had been afraid of the Russians, Dad was absolutely terrified of them. He expanded and added storage rooms for huge supplies of food, water, and place to grow plants underground. He also added an inner bunker.

I don't know how they got it down there, but somehow he and grandpa put a truly massive foot thick steel door on this inner bunker. A canon couldn't punch threw the thing!

All of this maybe while Mom and I are still alive.

It started in the winter of 2011. We had all been hearing about the Mayan prophecies, Nostradamus, Web Bot you name it. Every thing said the world was coming to an end.

But I had grown up listening to that shit.

"Oh we'll never see 1996, world come to an end before then. Nope we'll never see 1999! Year 2000 that's it, Y2K, worlds coming to an end."

Well we passed those dates and others. Dad kept the food in the bunker replaced ever few years of so. I've probably eaten more MRE meals than some solders with twenty plus years in.

Just after the New Year 2012 the tornadoes started. The south got hit, then the Midwest. Then by mid spring it was stranger places. California, New York state, Chicago got hit twice for gods sake. Alaska? Who the hell ever heard of a tornado in Alaska!

Hurricane season started around Easter. By June they were running out of names. I saw the footage from Cuba when it got pounded by a Cat5. Then Haiti, still rebuilding from an earthquake just a few years earlier, got hammered! Then Mexico and south Texas took the last of it.

And that was just the first monster. By mid summer we had five Katrina size hurricanes hit the US coast. From Texas all the way to Maine no shoreline was completely undamaged.

The pictures! New York under 20 feet of water, Miami...fuck just gone!

Then there was looting of course. Mostly just people trying to survive. Course some people seem to think they need ten flat screen TVs to survive.

There were riots in several cities. Riots over food and water, over police shooting looters, over why no one was doing anything.

All on an election year. I think that more than anything lit the fire under the government's ass. I'll give it to them they did try.

The word from the rest of the world was if anything worse. Earthquakes every where, Storms, hell they had a blizzard in Africa!

As governments stumbled their militaries took control. All over the world counties came under marshal law. Then in many places the 'Fanatics' over threw the military.

We watched the news in horror as footage of the first nuke sense World War Two got used in war. The death toll was enormous.

It wouldn't be the only one to fly, as little nations screamed and religious idiots yelled 'Jihad' from every temple.

I don't know when the count passed a million dead. Ten million? All I know is when Yellowstone went up in August such little numbers became meaningless.

We felt the tremors even in our concrete world.

Mom, Dad, my baby sister, fifteen years younger than me. Her world was going to hell before she had even seen it.

Our surveillance cameras showed the first looters, refugees, survivors, what ever you want to call them. They broke into the house up stairs. They used a truck to ram the door to the garage.

They were pathetic wretches. Hacking volcanic ash from damaged lungs. Two men and a woman. They were looking for food. We had left nothing up there of course. They never found the hidden door in the back of the house. They wouldn't have been able to open the three-foot thick slab of lead and steel anyway.

Mom had cried seeing them. She wanted to help them.

I don't think Dad would have opened that door for his best friend in the world.

It was strange watching the monitors, like watching TV, but with no sound. They lived in our house for a week or so. They slept in our beds. Never did learn their names.

A second group came through about the middle of the second week they had been there. All men. All armed.

They gunned down both of the men. Then Dad turned off the view screen and made us all leave. I think he alone watched as they raped the woman to death.

Then they ate the bodies.

He called me in and showed me that part. Mom could never know the use some of her old cookware had been put to.

There was no food upstairs and even as strong a place as it was upstairs they didn't stay long.

Dad told me they killed one of their own and ate him just before they left.

After that maybe one or two others just wandered threw. Never stopping for more than a night.

After October even that stopped.

November rolled around. That's when Dad got sick.

We don't know what he had, but nothing seemed to help. He died on Thanksgiving Day.

Mom and I wrapped his body. I checked the radiation gauges. They had spiked once or twice back during the summer, but nothing much since then.

When we cracked open the big door the air stank. Smoke, sulfur stench, like rotting eggs.

We carried Dad outside. I couldn't even recognize our yard. None of the trees were still standing, most were burned stumps.

It was bitter cold. With Mom holding the gun and watching I tried to dig him a grave. The ground was as hard as stone. The soil tilled in the spring for our family garden was to frozen to dig into.

We used rocks from the garden wall to build him a cairn. We worked as quickly as we could.

We were terrified.

The sky!

It looked like heat lightning and northern lights mixed in a black thundercloud.

Every thing was covered in a thick layer of ash, like gray snow. It covered us by the time we were finished. Not wanting to take it back inside with us I made Mom strip and then myself. That I saw a woman in bra and panties for the first time, and that she was wearing a respirator seemed fitting for this world.

That she was my Mom was the weird part.

As November fade into December we began to feel trimmers ever so often. Soon concrete dust cover every thing in the bunker. Mom kept it dusted off with a fanatic edge to her cleaning.

I took to sleeping next to Mom. She would be curled up around my sister and I would hold them both.

Clocks had no meaning now. Why bother when there is no sun to tell the time by. It was buried under hellish clouds. Day was night, night was day.

I woke curled up against my Mom's back. I reached around her to feel my sister. When I didn't I got scared for a second. Then I remembered we had left her asleep on the couch.

My Mom woke enough to grind herself back against my crotch. I realized at that moment I was painfully hard.

Mom's nightgown had moved up during the night. I was pressed against her panties, pushing hard into the crack or her ass.

I heard her moan. I felt her fingers reach down. She slid the waistband of her panties down.

"Oh Tom."

Hearing my Dad's name tore my heart.

"Mom wake up." I shook her shoulder.

She came fully awake and aware of whom she was grinding against. Whose cock was pressing between her bare ass cheeks.

She started to cry. I pulled her too me.

"Hush now, Mom. You'll wake Jennifer." I whisper to her.

She curled into her pillows, letting them hide her sobs.

I reach down and try to pull her panties back up.

She starts slapping at my hands.

"What does it matter? Here" she pulls them completely off. "There does that make any difference? Is the world back the way it was? No, then it doesn't matter. Nothing matters." She ends in a whimper.

I bury my face in her hair as I feel tears start to leak from my eyes.

"You matter. Jennifer matters. I hope I matter."

Mom lies still for a second then turns over to face me. She places her hand against my chest.

"I love you. I love the both of you." She softly beats against my chest with her fist. "But I loved your Dad as well. I couldn't do anything to help him. I just had to watch him die. All I could do was bury him in the ash." 

. "Mom it's ok. It's ok. I'm here. I'm going to take care of you. You and Jennifer. I'm the man of the house now. I'll keep you both safe."

How I thought I would do that I have no idea. Over the next two weeks the tremors got worse. I even noticed a small crack in one of the storage room walls.

We had long ago given up on the TV. Then the radio. For awhile it had made sense to listen to the different sound of static. To hear that faint sound of life from anywhere.

Not that they were encouraging. The last one was almost laughable. Someone was quoting Revelations. Like anyone who believed hadn't memorized that chapter in the last year.

Mom got Jennifer to sleep in her own bed most of the time now. I still slept curled around my Mom. I needed the comfort of her even more than my sister did.

Heavy is the head that wears the crown.

We have enough Dvd's in stock to watch a new movie every night for years to come. Somehow we had fallen into a retinue of sitting down every night together to watch a movie after dinner.

It kept us sane.

Maybe.

I picked Jennifer up from the couch and carried her to her bed. I turned on soft music, and the recorded sound of crickets. As I went to close the door the fact they were probably extinct now came to mind.

I helped Mom turn off all the power. I switched us to the smaller generator.

We have enough fuel in a huge tank to keep the main generator running for five years. By switching down to the smaller one that number increases dramatically. All it does is keep the refrigerator going, stirs the fuel tank and lights a few LED lights threw out the bunker.

I crawl into bed next to my Mom. She turns to face me. My hand rests on top of hers, her hair soft under my chin.

"Jacob?"

"Yea Mom?"

"I'm sorry for you, and your sister. Your Dad and I we got to have full lives. You never got that."

"It's ok Mom."

"No it isn't. We wanted to watch you go off to college. To see you get married. To hold our grandchildren." She says near tears.

"It's alright. I had a good childhood. Some don't even have that." I tell her brushing her hair softly with my fingers.

A quake shakes the bunker. They have been getting stronger all day.

Mom clings to me.

As my heart races in fear I couldn't admit to noticing things about her.

How soft she was. How warm. How good she smells.

"Jacob?"

"I'm here."

She pauses and takes a deep breath.

"Did you.. did you ever get to be with a woman?"

I hold her confused. That wasn't something I ever expected to be asked by her.

"Did you?" she asks again.

"No Mom. I came close a few times with girls I dated in high school, but no."

I felt her nod under my chin.

"When I first met your Dad we were at a party. It was a collage frat party. They were playing a drinking game. 'If you were one of the last people left on earth what wouldn't you do?' I don't remember how it's played, I think you had to take a drink if your answer wasn't something shocking. I don't remember all the answers, but I do remember mine. I remember your dad's. Most people answered with a sexual situation. We were young. One girl said if she was the last woman on earth she would have sex with a black man." Mom grins. "Different times. It was horribly shocking to hear her say that."

I smile trying to picture Mom at that age playing a drinking game.

"When it came to me I said I wouldn't commit incest. I remember every one laughed and I had to drink."

I feel Mom's hand slide down my chest. Her fingers go inside my shorts and curl around my cock.

"I was a fool. If you're the last woman on earth someone you love more than any thing is the perfect person."

"Mom.. I..oh god."

"Feels good doesn't it? A strange hand on you feels so very different than your own." she looks up at me. "It's getting worse every day Jacob. Even if the last woman on earth is his mom no man should die a virgin." She moves up to my lips.

Her lips touch mine in a hot wet kiss. I've had girlfriends before, so this much I know how to do right. I kiss her back softly, slowly.

I feel her hand on mine. She takes my hand and places it on her breast. She is all soft and warm and fills my hand.

"Mom...I"

"Hush. " she kisses me again. "It's ok. There's no one to tell us what's right or wrong anymore. She squeezes me tight till I groan. "Doesn't this feel right?"

"...oh yes."

"Then it's right." She catches the back of my head pulling me into a hard kiss. Working with a purpose Mom quickly gets us stripped of our clothes.

To feel a woman naked against me. My god if felt wonderful! I was so hard in her hand it hurt.

"Now." She tells me softly.

She guides me on top of her then reaches between us. I feel her hand place me at the perfect spot. Her body opens for me.

As I sink inside her that she is my Mom is the furthest thought from my mind.

"Yes Jacob just like that."

My breath starts to quicken as I thrust faster into her.

"Oh my wonderful boy. No my wonderful Man!" she pulls at me caressing my face, holding me tight to her.

All too soon I feel my body start to tremble. I know I'm going to cum here just seconds after getting inside her.

"Mom I'm going to cum. I'm sorry."

She laughs under me.

"Don't be sorry Jacob, I want you to cum. This is your first time there isn't anything to prove. Just enjoy it. Cum for me. When ever you want too."

I pump into her as I feel myself tighten.

"Oh god Mom. OH. YES!"

With a shutter I feel myself cumming into her. She wraps her arms around me pulling me in tight to her. She holds me as I feel the last drops leave my cock. I feel her brushing my hair back from my face.

"I love you. I love you so very much." I tell her when I can breath again.

"I love you." She whispers back.

I move off her and lay down next to her. A long time passes without words then a question keeps nagging at me.

"Mom?"

"Yea hun?"

"What did Dad answer? If he was one of the last people on earth."

Mom smiles.

"He said he wouldn't lose hope."

I hold her to me as the night fades. Twice more we make love before she falls into a deep sleep. I could have done it again, but I get up and leave her to sleep.

After a stop by the bathroom I look in on Jennifer. I can tell she's sleeping soundly.

I grab a drink and go to the monitor screens. I look up into the house I was raised in.

The inside is full of rubble. A lost of the rubble is burned to charcoal. Something had blown in the blast windows a few days ago.

I looked up at the Rad counter. It was god almighty high. I look at the thermostat. I shake my head when I see its 110 degrees outside. It's the twentieth of December.

Mom is right.

I look up at the clock on the wall. Grandpa put it in. It's accurate till hell freezes over.

One minute till midnight.

As I sip my drink watching the seconds tick away I feel so helpless. I had told my Mom I was the man of the house. That I would keep them safe.

Ten seconds to midnight.

Looking up I see the radiation gauge spike. It goes very quickly to the top of the scale. The thermostat begins to rise like it's touching the sun!

As I watch in growing horror my monitors start to go out. One by one they go down. I catch an image of wind tearing threw the house tumbling every thing around then all of them are dead.

The tremors begin as I get up. I sprint down the hall as they increase. I grab Jennifer as she comes out her door.

"Jacob?"

"Quite sis."

I can hear a rumbling. The ground lurches under my feet. I stumble into the inner vault. I sit Jennifer down.

Turning I step out into the hall to go get Mom just as a hellish sound comes from the other end of the bunker. I see a glint of red in the hallway just as Mom steps into it.

I hear Jennifer scream. I turn towards her and see her coming towards us. I lift my hand.

I hear Mom scream and feel the heat on my back.

I hit the door switch.

"DON'T COME OUT TILL IT OPENS!"

The last thing I see is her terrified face just as the massive door slams shut.

It was to a world scraped bare that I crawl into. I leave forever the hole that had been my home for ten years. It also is the grave of my Mom and brother.

All I found when the door opened was charred bone.

"I'm Jennifer. I'm the last woman on earth.

What wouldn't I do?"

end of December 2012, End of the World.



begin Cindy's Awakening - An exhibitionist is born! 

Cindy's Awakening - An exhibitionist is born! 

Cindy's Awakening
byGraburn©
I'm not exactly sure how to start this story, or really, group of stories about my "hobby", but I'll give it a try anyway. It began three years ago, after I divorced my first husband, Dan. It took me a while to sort out how I felt about things, and I had to deal with moving to an apartment and getting the kids into a new school, and then getting back to work myself so I could support them. Relationships and sex were the furthest things from my mind then - actually they still are. The only time I've fucked anyone since is the one time with Richard, and that was only because I had to. That is a story in itself, but it isn't really the beginning.

The first time in a long time that I remember feeling sexy was one day at work when I caught some kid trying to look down my shirt while I helped him at the computer. I work in a downtown branch of the public library as a research assistant, and that day I was helping find information on some old president. I was sitting at one of the terminals and the teenager I was helping was standing beside me as I did the search. It's an old system, and the screen is dark except for the words, and I could see his reflection, although he couldn't see mine because of the angle he was at. Anyway, he kept asking for new searches, and every time I started typing he would move a bit and look down. At first I thought he was watching my fingers on the keyboard, but I realized quickly that he was looking down my shirt. I knew he couldn't see anything, because my shirt was one of those light sweaters that fits pretty closely, and I was wearing a normal bra and everything, so I just sat up a bit straighter while we finished. This must have worked, because he lost interest in the search pretty quickly after I sat up! I kind of laughed as I stood up, and forgot about the whole thing for the rest of the day.

It wasn't until that night that I thought about what had happened again. The kids were asleep, and I was starting to get undressed for bed myself when I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I was still wearing my bra and the pants I had worn to work, and I was bending over to pick something up when I saw my reflection. My breasts are a B cup, and my padded bra kept them far enough apart that there was no cleavage to speak of, even when I was bent over. I slipped my shirt on again, and spent a couple of minutes trying to figure out how I could see what he had seen earlier. Finally I used a hand mirror and the big mirror on my dresser and managed to get close to the look he had gotten earlier. If I moved just right, I could see far enough down my shirt to see about half of the cup on one side of my bra, but I knew he hadn't been able to see even that much. I laughed, finished getting changed into a big old T-shirt, and crawled into bed.

I couldn't sleep. As I tossed and turned, I was really aware of my breasts moving under the shirt. B had always been a pretty good size for me - small enough to not get in the way, but big enough to jiggle around when I wanted them to, which wasn't very often in those days. Finally I sat up and turned on the lamp again. I pulled the T-shirt over my head, and put on a pair of sweats because I felt dumb sitting there completely naked. Then I looked at myself in the mirror again. As a teenager, I had always been most proud of my flat stomach, and boys had admired my breasts and nipples. As a 34 year old mother of two, even though I didn't exactly have abs of steel, my stomach had recovered enough that I had no rolls when I sat up straight, and the stretch marks from my pregnancies were nearly gone. My breasts were firm and when I looked from the side, my nipples still pointed slightly upwards. I was glad about this, because I had seen women my age at the gym with good figures but nipples that drooped from the bottom of their breasts, and I knew I didn't want that. That night, the cool air in the bedroom made my nipples stand up after the warmth of the bed.

My erect nipples had always been something that the guys seemed to like, but they were a bit of a bit of a pain for me. In high school, as I began to develop, they would stick through my shirt and bra, and I would hear comments like "Sure must be cold in here" and "Look, high beams". I learned quickly to buy thicker shirts that didn't cling when I wore an undershirt or camisole, or thicker bras that would hide my nipples despite the discomfort of wearing chunks of foam on my chest. As I had gotten older, this problem had gotten worse - not only were my nipples very sensitive to cold or touch, but they were the size of the end of a small marker lid when they were hard and they never softened to much less than the size of a pencil eraser. They were a dark red, with areolas the size of a quarter that shrank to no bigger than a nickel when my nipples were fully erect.

As I looked at myself in the mirror that night, I tried to put my finger on what had intrigued me about the unsuccessful peeper earlier in the day. As I said, the thought of sex didn't interest me, and I realized that the thing that had kept me awake was the idea that the kid had thought he was getting away with something that I didn't know about. As I sat there, I started to get warm at the thought, and I played gently with my left nipple, rolling it between my fingers until it was a hard as it would get, and then staring at it in the mirror. I opened my underwear drawer and inspected the assortment of bras and undershirts there. I remembered some lacy things that I had worn to turn Dan on when we were married, and I dug through the drawer until I found a white lace bra, which I hung on the back of the door. I wasn't sure if I'd have the nerve in the morning, but I was very aroused at the thought that I might.

The next morning I woke up late, and was at work before I remembered my late night plan from the night before. I spent the day doing all of the normal things that need to be done at a library, but I kept my eye open for chances for the same thing as had happened the day before to happen again. I realized that the best time for someone to look down my shirt was when I was doing exactly what I had been doing the day before, because there was a good reason for someone to be standing right beside me as I worked on the computer, and I would be sitting still enough for them to get in the best position to see as much as they could - or as much as I let them! I promised myself that I'd wear something the next day that gave a bit more opportunity for someone to get a peek.

The next morning I woke to the sound of my alarm earlier than usual. I had to have time to experiment a bit before getting the kids out of bed, so I hauled the lace bra into the bathroom along with my panties, a white shirt, a button up sweater, and a navy skirt. I hurried through the shower fast enough that there wasn't even any steam on the mirror when I got out, and dried myself off. The rough towel against my breasts made my nipples stand up as it always did, and I rubbed some lotion onto my nipples to keep them moisturized during the day. It took me a while to dry my hair, and I watched myself critically in the mirror as my breasts bounced with the movement of my arms. My vagina was still wet from the shower, and I dried my pussy hair, which is a bit darker than my blonde hair and quite thick. The towel rubbed my clitoris, which felt good, and I reached down and spread my lips with two fingers on my right hand, only to realize that I was wet enough to slide a finger inside without spreading anything. It was the first time in months that I had something inside my vagina. I knew I could have an orgasm if I worked at it, but I also know that if my day went as I hoped it would, I would be twice as hot that night, so I decided to make myself wait.

I put on my panties and skirt, untangled the straps of the bra, and began putting it on. I always turn the cups around behind my back so I can see the clasp when I do it up, and then slide the bra around my body to get it facing the right way. I put my arms through the straps, bent forward so my breasts fell into the cups, and slid the straps over my shoulders. As I checked the effect in the mirror, I remembered that the lace on the right cup had a small tear from the washing machine, and saw my nipple poking right through the hole. It wasn't too different from the left side, though, because the fabric was thin enough that I could see the color and shape of my other my nipple clearly as well, and I decided it would do. As I started putting my arms into the shirt, I my breasts were moving as though I wasn't wearing a bra at all - what a difference from the padded ones I normally wore! I buttoned the shirt, leaving the top two buttons undone, and bent over again in front of the mirror. Inside my shirt I could see all of both lacy cups, my stomach below, and the top of my skirt where my shirt covered it. With a little shift I could see my nipple poking through the bra clearly. I stood up and saw that I would need to wear the sweater, because the shirt was sheer enough that I could easily see the pattern of the lace and the darkness of my nipples through it, although if I hunched my shoulders forward, it became a bit harder to make out what was underneath. I put the sweater on, went through my normal morning routine with the kids, got them to school, and headed to work, very aware of the swaying of my breasts as I walked.

When I arrived at work, I realized I had a couple of problems. First, the sweater was heavy enough that it held my shirt close to my body, so in order to let someone see down my shirt, I would have to lean over so much that what I was doing would be obvious. Second, it was making my shirt rub my exposed nipple, and by the time I arrived it was getting tender enough that I tried to adjust myself so that the hole was beside my nipple rather than right on it. This worked for a minute or two, but every time I moved quickly or lifted something, my breast shifted inside the bra and it poked out again. I tried this a couple of times by sort of pushing my nipple sideways into my breast when it was soft, but every time I pushed it, it got hard and poked straight ahead again. The obvious solution was to take off the sweater, but I couldn't do this until I was at a computer with someone, because if I walked around without it, the other librarians couldn't help but notice the movement of my breasts or my nipples showing through the shirt. By noon I was going crazy, and I just wanted the day to be over! I spent my noon hour in the lunch room hunched over to keep my shirt away from my chest, and I decided that I had enough time to run across the street and buy a different bra to put myself out of my misery. As I left the lunchroom though, everything changed.

There are always two research assistants during the day, and we stagger our lunch breaks so that someone is always available to help people. That day the other person on duty was Richard, a slightly built man of about 25 who I suspected was gay. When I left the lunchroom, he was busy with a group of people at the computers by the circulation desk, and I knew he'd be tied up until he went for lunch in 15 minutes. At the same time I saw a man standing by one of the computers near the reading area. He was two finger typing, and the look on his face said that he wasn't getting the information he needed. I decided that this was my chance, because I knew that there would be fewer staff around, and if I sat at one of the computers facing the desk, I could see anyone coming. I unbuttoned my sweater casually as I walked over, said a bright "Hi", and asked him if he needed any help. He said he was looking for books on a particular kind of math theory, and I told him that the computer he was using had been acting up all day. I took my sweater off, hung it on the back of the chair at the other computer, and sat down. He grabbed the other chair and sat facing my side so he could see both me and the computer screen. I asked some questions about his research topic, and began searching the database.

He must not have noticed anything at first, because he chattered away about whatever project he was working on, and was obviously completely focused on this. He was on my right side, so I set the paper and pencil I was using to copy down call numbers on my left, using this as an excuse to reach across my body and write. As I did this, I held my body straight so my shirt pulled across my breast, and I held my arm up high enough that I knew he should be able to see the shape of my nipple underneath it. I was so nervous that my stomach was hurting and I had to press the pencil into the paper to keep my hands from shaking. At the same time, I could feel the warmth between my legs starting. As I was writing the third book down, his rambling stopped abruptly and I felt him go tense beside me. I knew that he must have noticed something to stop so suddenly, and I knew that I had to give him an excuse to stand and move around to my left if he was going to be able to get the best view. I started the next search, and then reached for the paper and asked him if he wanted to go and find the books I had written down while I looked for some more. He hesitated for a moment, but when I pointed out where they were, he got up and went over to the book stacks.

By now I was really getting wet, and it was everything I could do to stop myself from reaching under my skirt and rubbing myself. Instead, I looked around to make sure nobody was watching, and then looked down at the top of my shirt. I pushed the front of it into my chest above my breasts on the left side and adjusted the right side so that it gaped open. I knew that if my shirt didn't move and if he stood beside me and looked down, he would be able to see the entire right cup of my bra and my nipple poking through the hole. At the last minute I had the idea that if my shirt was close to my body underneath my breasts, it would give a white background for my nipple, so I did this for good measure. I figured that if he had any brains he would come back with the books, notice the shirt, and stand on my left rather than sitting on my right. I pretended to continue the searches, and wrote down a couple of books that didn't really exist because I wanted him to have the maximum viewing time when he returned!

It seemed like a long time before I saw him returning with a book, but it probably only seemed that way because I was sitting so still for fear of my shirt shifting. Finally though, he walked up, and started to return to his chair. At the last moment, though, he sort of mumbled something and moved around to my left. He was standing quite close, and I thought it must have worked! He said he had only been able to find one book, and I told him I would check for the others at the desk when we were done the search. By now I could feel the back of my neck trembling, and I had an irresistible urge to stretch my arms over my head and get rid of some tension. Unfortunately I knew if I did this, my shirt would be sure to move and he might not have the same view as I knew he had now, so I just took a deep breath and began a new search. Midway through I stopped and asked him some question about one of the math things, so he could talk and I could watch his reflection in the screen. Sure enough, I could tell that he was looking, and I knew that he had a perfect view of my nipple. I was so distracted that I didn't know if what he was saying made any sense at all, and I was hoping that he was too! By now my legs were trembling, and I knew I'd have to move soon unless I wanted my whole body to shiver. I wanted to turn and see if I could see the outline of his penis in his pants - if he was hard at all I should have been be able to tell because I was at the right level to get a pretty close look, but before I could think of an excuse to turn, a tremor shook my entire body and I had to jump out of the chair to hide it. I turned to face him and he stepped back with a reddening face. He must have thought that he'd been caught, but as he opened his mouth to say something, I said that we should check at the desk for his other books. I turned to get my sweater, aware of his gaze at the shirt stretched across my breasts and of the wetness between my legs. Of course the books weren't there, and before we could return to the computer, someone else asked for another search and he said he thought he knew how to do it himself, and that was the end of my first experience as an exhibitionist.

That night as I lay in bed after the most horny day of my life, I knew that I had found something good. I reached down and slid two fingers as deep into my vagina as I could, and instead of moving them in and out, I just rubbed the inside of my pussy wall by making tiny circles with my fingers. I could touch my clit with my thumb, and I had the most violent orgasm of my life, with my face in my pillow so I wouldn't wake the kids. I fell asleep with my hand still touching the outer lips of my vagina, and had the best sleep I had had in ages.

end of Cindy's Awakening - An exhibitionist is born! 


begin The Camera Never Lies Ch. 01, Woman spies on her unfaithful husband and gets a surprise.

The Camera Never Lies Ch. 01, Woman spies on her unfaithful husband and gets a surprise.

Incest/Taboo 08/28/09


The Camera Never Lies Ch. 01
bysmudgebucket©
It wasn't often that Sara Jennings felt foolish. Foolish or embarrassed for that matter, but that was exactly how she felt as she walked back to her car, cardboard box in her arms. You'd think that the least that grubby looking clerk could have done was help her carry her purchase out to her car, she thought to herself, but that would probably have been asking too much. Oh well, at least he had shown her how to operate it.

The "it" was what was know as a spycam.When set up it could be motion activated and record up to three hours of video on its own self contained hard drive. The recording could then be played back on any computer with only a USB connection. Simple. If only that clerk had stopped staring at her body while he showed her how it worked. Sara could tell that he wanted to know what or who she would be recording but he probably would never have understood her reasons. Hell, Sara wasn't sure she understood it completely herself.

She slid into her car and pulled down the visor with the vanity mirror. She was still a knockout at thirty-eight, there was no denying that. Long black hair, framing a beautiful face with green eyes and full, pouting lips. A face any man would want. Why then had her husband been ignoring her lately? She sighed and pushed the visor back up and drove home.

In fact it had been over two months since Mark had touched her and wanted her sexually. Two months!! There were always excuses, most of them half believable. He was too tired. He had a lot on his plate at work. He had to stay up late and work. And so on and so on.

Well Sara worked too but she needed sex and she needed it badly. Her beautiful body ached with the need to be fucked. Why just the thought of Mark's cock was enough to get her pussy soaked. If she didn't get some cock soon she thought she might go out of her head.

The problem was that she had become convinced that Mark was having an affair. What was worse, Sara was convinced that Mark was bringing his mistress, whoever she was, right into her bed in her own room.

. Sara was on the road two or three nights a week in her capacity as a sales rep for a large cosmetics company. It had never been easy, all that traveling, especially with their daughter Mindy still at home. Sara had never felt that she had been able to give Mindy the attention she deserved but she had done the best she could. You had to pay the bills and Mark's salary alone was not enough.

But Mindy was eighteen now. She wasn't home half the time what with school and other activities and that meant that Mark was home alone at least two nights a week. Two nights with time and god knows what else on his hands.

At the same time Mark had started ignoring her needs; Sara's female antenna had started noticing other things. An occasional faint smell of perfume in her bedroom, fresh sheets on the bed when she came home from a road trip, and all of Mark's underwear washed and neatly put away instead of piled into the dirty clothes hamper. Nothing that you could call a smoking gun but Sara had become alarmed. The more she thought about it, the more convinced she had become that something was going on. Finally she decided that she just had to know if she was right. Thus, the spy cam.

When Sara pulled into her driveway Mindy was just leaving the house.

"Going out honey?" 

"Yeah Mom, going over to Gina's"

"Try to be home for dinner Min. You know I'll be gone for a couple of days starting tomorrow."

"Ok, we'll see, bye mom." Mindy climbed into Gina's waiting car and with a quick wave was gone. Sara stared after her. It was hard to believe Mindy was eighteen already. Where had the time gone? She seemed so independent now, like she didn't even need her parents anymore. She was so grown up in certain ways and yet just a little girl in others. Physically she was still at the crossroads between girl and woman. She had her mother's good looks and long shapely legs and Sara had noticed that her tight t-shirts and short shorts showed off her body to good effect. Too good if you asked Sara but that was the way girls dressed these days so what was a mom to do? Sara sighed and walked inside.

Finding that Mark wasn't home, Sara went back to her car and got the camera. She hurried to her bedroom and looked around. She had to put the thing at just the right height and angle so it would record anything that happened on her bed. The camera itself looked like an over-sized book and would not be too conspicuous. Her and Mark were both avid readers and usually had a couple of books each spread around the bedroom.

After some trial and error she finally decided on the small bookshelf against the wall of the room. Placing it carefully at just the right angle, she adjusted and readjusted it until she was satisfied that it should give a perfect view of the entire bed. 

The built in motion sensor had a small dial that could be preset to prevent the camera from coming on during the day when anyone might walk in the room. She set it for eight o'clock pm. Any time after that, whenever anyone moved in front of it, the camera would come on and stay on for twenty minutes. It would stay on as long as it detected any motion but otherwise would shut off to save recording space. Sara didn't care how all the tech stuff worked as long as it did work. Tonight would be a trial period.

At dinner that night, Mark asked her twice about her forthcoming business trip. Sara was worried that he was confirming the timing of something that might occur when she was gone but she went out of her way to seem casual. No sense putting him on edge now she reasoned so she let him think she was oblivious.

"Mindy will be staying over to Gina's tomorrow so you'll have the place to yourself for two whole days."

"Oh really? Well I've got lots of work to catch up on so it's just as well I guess."

"Make sure Mindy takes her books with her, she's got finals coming up soon."

"Ok."

About ten o'clock Sara feigned exhaustion and said she was going to get some extra sleep. In reality she wanted the trial test of the camera to start. After changing into her nightgown, she made sure to walk in front of the book two or three times. She stared and listened but could detect no noise or lights from the shelf. Great if the damn thing is working, she thought.

She laid still for a while to see if the recorder would stop after the twenty minutes but fell sound asleep and never even heard Mark come to bed. 

In the morning Sara tried not seem anxious but she could barely contain herself. She thought Mindy would never leave for school but finally she left, texting someone on her phone as usual. Mark seemed to linger over his coffee longer than usual but soon he too left. Sara sighed with relief and walked to the bedroom.

After removing the book-camera from the shelf, she walked into the den and sat at the computer. After plugging the USB connector into the computer she had to wait only a moment for the computer to recognize the camera and ask her if she wanted to view the video or download it unto the computers hard drive. She checked view only and waited. Sure enough the camera had worked just as she had hoped. There she was walking past the shelf several times and then climbing into bed. The picture quality was very good really and she heard herself cough quite clearly so the audio evidently worked well too.

She pushed the fast forward button and watched as several minutes went by with no activity. Then Mark walked by and climbed into bed beside her and turned out the light. The camera recorded just darkness after that and then stopped after an interval which she guessed might have been around twenty minutes. It was hard to tell on fast forward but Sara was elated anyway. It had worked! She would be able to see and hear everything that went on in that bedroom perfectly. Well, as long as the light was left on but there wasn't much she could do about that.

She created a folder and downloaded the video just so she was sure how to do it. After playing it back she was satisfied that she could do anything she wanted to do with any video she captured. A thought entered her mind and made her laugh out loud.

After she proved to herself that Mark was just tired and preoccupied and not fucking around, maybe she would make a special video for him. Something that would get his male juices flowing. She pictured herself propped up on the bed facing the camera with her legs spread wide apart. The camera would see her beautiful wet pussy as she slowly finger fucked herself.

"Mark", she would purr, "Ohh I want to fuck you so bad baby. I want to feel your big hard cock inside of me. Stroke your dick for me baby, then I'll suck it for you. I'll suck it and lick it till its rock hard and then I'll fuck your brains out baby. Ohh god my pussy's so wet baby. Come to me Mark, fuck me now!!"

Shit, her pussy was wet. She slid a finger inside her shorts and felt her wetness. Ohh that felt good. Damn it, she didn't have time for this now, she had to pack and get to the airport. It took a major effort on her part to get off of that chair and get her butt in gear. She licked her wetness off of her finger and then carried the camera back to the bedroom and hooked it up the way it was before. There!

She felt like she was crossing a bridge that she might not be able to return from but it had to be done. She just had to know.

Sighing with relief that this inevitable step had finally been taken, Sara packed her suitcase, gathered her papers together and drove to the airport.

It was the longest two nights of her life. In her hotel room she tried to imagine what might be going on if anything. She tossed and turned for what seemed hours until she slept, more from exhaustion than anything else. She thought the time would never pass.

But of course it did. She returned home in mid morning on the third day to an empty house. Mindy of course was in school and Mark at the office, a fact which she confirmed with a brief phone call. Well, nothing to do now but watch the video.

Part of her wanted to take the camera to the nearest dumpster and throw it in. What she had done was wrong, spying on her husband like that. What if there was nothing on the video but normal nighttime stuff? What did that really prove anyway? Maybe he was taking his mistress somewhere else. Maybe there was no mistress and she was just being paranoid. The list of maybes went on endlessly.

She felt a headache starting so she gulped a couple of aspirins and made herself a pot of coffee. While that brewed she retrieved the camera and hooked it up to the computer. She went out to the kitchen, poured a cup of coffee and sat down at the computer desk. Well, she thought, here goes nothing. She pushed play and sat back to watch.

At first there wasn't much. Mark walked past once and the camera recorded about twenty minutes of nothing. She pushed fast forward until the dead space ended and then pushed play again. This time it was the same thing. See, she thought, nothing happened. Twenty more minutes of dead space. She felt her heart rate begin to slow down to a normal level. She hadn't really noticed how nervous and tense she had been.

She fast forwarded past this dead space. The recording picked up when someone walked past the camera again. This time, however, it wasn't Mark, it was her daughter Mindy.

What the hell...Sara thought. Mindy was supposed to be at her girlfriend's house. She must have forgotten something. God, I hope she didn't walk in on her father and another woman.

But, strangely enough Mindy didn't leave. She sat down on the bed and pulled the pillows to her and lay back against them. She took out her phone and started texting someone.

Why was she in my room, Sara wondered, and where was Mark? 

Mindy kept typing out her text and then Sara saw her push a button which must have been send. She giggled and set her phone on the night table.

"Are you ever going to be finished in there Daddy?" My god, Sara thought, Mark was there. Listening closer she realized that you could just barely make out in the background the sound of the shower running.

"Be out in a minute honey."

"Well hurry up, I'm starving."

They must be going out to eat Sara realized. Honey? Sara didn't remember the last time Mark had called Mindy honey. That was odd. Somewhere in the back of her brain an alarm slowly began gently ringing. Sara tried to ignore it.

Mindy stretched out on the bed like a kitten just awakening from a nap. Her long legs were bare all the way to the top of her shorts and her young breasts pushed against her tight t-shirt. She fluffed her long black hair with both hands and shook her head until her hair fell over her shoulders were she wanted it.

For the first time Sara realized fully that her little girl was almost a woman now, a full grown sexy woman at that. She still had a thin coltish look about her but her body had almost come into its own. Her breasts were more pronounced then Sara had realized and she somehow seemed taller as if she had undergone a growth spurt when Sara wasn't looking. Her voice was still the voice of a girl but the rest of her... Wow. The boys were going to be all over her before long.

Sara's thoughts were interrupted as Mindy suddenly sat straight up on the bed and smiled.

"Well, it's about time Daddy!"

Mark walked into the picture and Sara's world as she knew it suddenly ended. He wore only a towel around his waist and a huge shit-eating grin on his face.

"I wanted to be clean for you baby girl."

"Get over here Daddy. Right now!"

Mark walked over to the edge of the bed and stood in front of Mindy.

"Did you bring me a surprise Daddy? Something nice for me to play with?" She slid over to the edge of the bed where Mark was standing.

"Oh yes honey, something really nice for you."

Mindy laughed. "Bet I know where you're hiding it Daddy. Right here?" She reached out and pulled Mark's towel off. His cock was rock hard and as she released it from the towel it popped straight out right in front of her face.

Sara pushed stop on the camera as quickly as she could reach the button. She could barely breathe and her heart was pounding. Ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod she managed to get out. The room seemed to spin around her and she thought she might pass out. Never in her wildest imagination had she expected to see her own daughter and her husband together. A thousand thoughts ran through her mind, all of them a jumbled mess.

He must have raped her was her first coherent thought but what she had seen didn't look like rape. Something must be wrong with them, some type of mental disease. Nothing made any sense. It was horrible, just horrible! The words divorce, jail and disgrace flew through her mind one after another. She tried to stand but felt too weak. Instead she sat motionless, too flustered to do much else.

After a time she slowly began to regain some semblance of composure. What am I going to do she wondered. Though every fiber of her being rebelled against the thought she knew that she had to watch the rest of the tape. She wanted to know exactly what had happened so that she could deal with it. No matter what was on that tape, no matter how it sickened her, she had to see it for herself. She braced herself mentally and pushed the play button.

Mindy looked absolutely delighted when her fathers cock was released.

"Oh daddy what a yummy surprise!" Her hand reached out and she began lightly to stroke his cock with her fingers.

"Oh it's so hard." Her fingers curled around the head of Marks cock and she squeezed gently.

"Oh honey, that feels so good."

"It feels so good to me too... I've been thinking about this all day in school daddy. I got so wet too." She used just her fingertips to lovingly stroke up and down the shaft. "I just love the way it feels." She smiled up at him. "I just love the way it smells." She bent forward and pressed the tip against her little nose and inhaled.

"Oh god sweetie." Marks eyes were closed as he waited.

"Ummm! You know what else daddy?"

"What honey?"

"What I like best of all is the way it tastes." Mindy slowly ran her tongue up the underside of Marks cock from the base all the way to the head.

"Ohh shit" was all Mark could muster at that point.

"Oh that's so yummy daddy. I want to suck it for you so bad." Mark let out a moan of pleasure as his daughter slid the head of his cock slowly between those luscious, full lips of hers. She sucked up and down the shaft slowly for a moment and then let his cock slip out of her mouth.

"Daddy?"

"Oh god, yes baby?"

"Promise me something."

"Anything sweetheart, anything."

"Promise me that you'll let me make you cum in my mouth. You know how I love that daddy."

"Yes honey, if that's what you want."

"That's what I want daddy. All that hot juice in my mouth and on my face and down my throat. I love it so much." She bent forward and took his cock back in her little mouth.

Slowly at first, but with gradually increasing speed she began sliding her fathers cock in and out of her throat. Her hand grasped his cock firmly and stroked it in time with her sucking. Her other hand reached down and stroked his balls. She would let his dick pop out of her mouth for a moment while she licked and kissed the swollen head and would then resume her sucking. She raised his cock straight up so that she could lick his balls too.

"Daddy, do you like the way I suck your cock? Am I a good little girl?"

"Oh baby, you're the best daughter a man could have. Ohh, do that again."

"You like it when I lick your balls don't you? They're yummy too." She tried to fit his whole testicle into her mouth and gently sucked on it before releasing it and returning to his cock.

Sara could hear the slurping noises her daughter made sucking that cock. Her hand was stroking it more insistently now, seemingly eager to reap her reward. Sara was stunned into complete silence by this time. She hated what was happening but she couldn't take her eyes off the screen. Something else was weird too. She couldn't explain it but on some level she was becoming aroused herself. This can't be, she told herself but the signs were unmistakable. Her pussy was starting to get wet and her nipples were hard. She couldn't believe it and she hated it but it was true.

Back on the screen Sara's daughter had both hands firmly wrapped around her father's cock as her lovely teenaged mouth sucked up and down on it. Mark thrust his hips forward and grasped his daughter's head and began fucking her mouth in time with her sucking. Neither of them spoke aloud now but they were both working in tandem for the same goal. Mark longed to feel his hot cum squirt from his cock into his daughter's eager mouth and Mindy wanted the same thing even more than he did.

After a few moments Mark's knees began to shake slightly and his hips pushed even farther forward.

"Oh god honey, I'm getting close, so close."

Mindy pulled his cock from her mouth just long enough to say, "Cum for me daddy. Feed me that hot juice!!"

Mark felt the pressure building in his loins. That sweet pressure that told him it would be just a few seconds longer. Then he could shoot his hot jizz down his daughter's eager throat. Just the thought made it happen that much quicker.

"Oh baby, here it comes honey, here it comes." Mindy pulled his cock out and opened her mouth wide and stuck out her cute pink tongue. She knew her daddy liked to watch it shoot off right unto her tongue and lips. Anyway, if any of it missed her mouth she could always lick it up after. She continued squeezing it and jerking it.

"Shoot it daddy!! Fill my mouth up!!"

Mark tilted his head back and let out an animal moan. The first spurt was huge and landed far back in Mindy's eager throat. Her tongue curled inward, trying to keep it from pouring out of her mouth. Two more quick, large discharges shot into Mindy's mouth before the next gob splattered against her nose and ran down her wet lips.

Mindy giggled and shoved his cock back into her mouth. Her hand pulled shot after shot of her daddy's love juice into her throat. She swallowed as quickly as she could but some came back out and ran down her chin. She loved that feeling. Her eyes gazed up at her father. This was the moment she loved best. When a man was shooting his juice in her mouth she had complete and utter control over him. It was a great feeling and besides, the cum tasted so good to her.

Mindy stroked his cock until there was no more cum to be had. Reluctantly she let it slide out of her mouth. She licked it from top to bottom until it was wet, shiny and clean. Mark slumped unto the bed beside her as she used her fingers to scoop up the cum hanging in long strands from her chin and then sucked them clean. No sense in letting good cum go to waste. She licked her lips and .lay down next to her father.

"Thank you daddy! I loved that!"

"Oh baby doll, so did I.

"If you want to daddy you can fuck me later. She giggled. "She reached down and began rubbing her crotch through her shorts, her long legs spread wide apart. 

"Umm, that feels good. Daddy, want to watch me play with my pussy?"

"You know I do honey."

"Ok daddy but if I let you watch you've got to promise me that you'll lick it for me later."

"Oh yes baby, I'll lick it all you want. I'll lick it all fucking night if that's what you want..."

Mindy leaned over and kissed her fathers cheek. "You're so good to me daddy. Let me get my pussy all ready for you."

At this point Sara again pushed the stop button. Her breathing was labored and irregular and she thought her head might explode. What she had just witnessed was beyond belief. There were no words that could explain this. It was as if aliens had invaded her home and taken over her family. These people on the camera were not her family, they were strangers to her. It was disgusting!

And yet... Sara knew that on some level she had been aroused by what she had seen. She fought those thoughts and tried to push them out of her conscious mind but she had to be honest with herself. Apparently everything else in her family life was a lie but she would not lie to herself. The sight of her daughter sucking her father's cock had turned her on more than she thought possible. She had been unable to take her eyes off of them. Her rational mind told her that it was wrong, sick and disgusting but her body told her another story.

She took a drink of her coffee and tried to clear her head. She would have to put an end to this, that much was certain. She could not live in the same house with them. She would get her daughter help. Her father had taken advantage of her youth and innocence and had to bare the blame for this. As for him, she wanted him out of her house and out of her life. It wouldn't be easy on any of them but it had to be done.

She downloaded the video to her hard drive and put the camera into a box and set it in the garage. It had served its purpose and she saw no further use for it.

About four o'clock Mindy arrived home from school. Sara took her into the den, sat her down and told her everything that she knew about her relationship with her father. Mindy turned red as a beet but said nothing for a few moments. 

"Have you got anything at all to say Mindy?"

"What are you going to do mother?" she answered in a flat, emotionless tone.

"What do you think I'm going to do? I'm going to insist that your father leave this house immediately. I may go to the police, I don't know. I haven't thought this through completely."

"Shit." Mindy was miserable but her mind was working a mile a minute. She knew she had to buy some time here.

"Listen mom, before you do anything, promise me you'll wait a little so that you and I and daddy can sit down and talk as a family."

"Talk? Family? After what happened in my own bedroom? I don't think..."

"Please mother. I'll do whatever you want but please, I'm begging you. Hold off long enough so that we can talk about it. Together."

Sara could see that her daughter was distraught and desperate.

"Well all right. But I'm warning you that it won't change a thing. Your father is leaving this house and that's all there is to it. Tonight we'll have our little talk but after that he's out of here. Understand?"

"Yes mother. Thank you. And mom? I'm so sorry for all this."

"Just make sure you're here when your father gets home."

"All right, I've got to go to Gina's for a little while but I'll be home early."

"See that you are."

Mindy grabbed her purse and walked out the door. Shit, shit shit she thought. I can't believe that bitch had the fucking nerve to tape daddy and me. Goddamn it anyway!

Gina lived two streets over and on the way Mindy tried to think of some way to salvage the situation. What could she do? Her mother had the proof on tape somewhere and video never lied. Damn it all. It was just too bad that she didn't have a tape of her mother doing something bad, then the whole thing would be even. Trouble was, her mother was a fucking girl scout and never did anything even remotely interesting as far as she knew. If only there was a way...

An idea occurred to Mindy. It was a long shot but maybe it could work. It was worth a try. By the time she arrived at Gina's house she had mentally worked out some of the details.

Gina was in her room on her computer when Mindy arrived.

"Hey girl what's up?"

'Trouble's what's up and I got a shitload."

"What happened?"

"I got to see your brother. Is he here?"

"My brother? Well, he's in his room. What you want with him?"

"Tell you later girl." Gina's brother still lived at home at twenty years old and had a reputation as a slacker and womanizer of the first order. He was just what Mindy needed now.

She walked into his room unannounced. He was lying on his bed watching the tube. He was good looking in a rough sort of way with shaggy blond hair and a type of disheveled look that some girls found attractive.

"Hello Frank."

"Well well, look who's here. Sweet little Mindy. Didn't expect to see you today." An evil grin appeared on his face.

"Bet you came over to see me didn't you?"

"Maybe."

"Maybe hell. Bet you came over to suck some cock, didn't you?" He reached down and began to stroke his cock through his jeans.

Mindy smiled. "Maybe."

"Well shit, sweetie, come and get it. I got just what you need right here." He hooked his finger towards his crotch which now was tented outward noticeably.

Mindy went over and sat down on the bed next to Frank. She reached out and began rubbing his crotch. She could tell he was already hard as a rock.

"You are one hot little pussy aren't you Mindy? Can't get enough of my cock can you?

Mindy smiled. "I do like your cock Frank. I can't wait to suck it for you. It always tastes so good."

"Fuck baby, let's get busy. " he reached for his zipper.

"Ah Frank? I need a little favor first." She told him what she wanted and he looked at her with a strange expression on his face

"Even if I could do that, what makes you think I would."

"Because you want me. You want me to suck your cock and I want to do it for you but I want this favor first."

"I don't know."

Mindy smiled and dropped to her knees in front of him. She slowly unzipped his jeans, reached in, and pulled out his cock. Franks cock was slightly smaller than her fathers but it was still good sized. Mindy licked a circle around the swollen head and then kissed it. 

"Your cock says yes Frank. I'll suck you off and swallow all your cum. How can you say no to that?" Her tongue flicked out again.

"I can't. " He walked over to his dresser and pulled out a small manila envelope. He looked inside and mumbled something and then tossed it to Mindy.

"Two's all I got left."

"That's enough." She put the envelope in her purse and turned back to Frank.

"Get those pants off and come over here and feed me that dick."

Frank pulled his jeans off and walked right over to where Mindy was kneeling and slid his hard dick into her waiting mouth.

"Umm," she moaned. She loved that first taste of cock on her tongue. Her little hand wrapped around his swollen cock and stroked it as her mouth sucked greedily.

"Oh baby, you are one hungry little cocksucker aren't you?"

"Oh yes", she mumbled as best she could with a mouthful of cock. "Yes I am."

She had been sucking off Gina's brother for some month's now. In fact his was the first cock she had ever sucked. It had happened at a sleepover when Mindy had a little too much to drink. She had been scared at first but it had been so pleasurable that she did it a second time about an hour later. It had been her idea in fact.

After that she had made any excuse to visit Gina. She even cut school several times and spent the entire day with him. He had been her first and had broken her in so to speak but she was an eager student whose desires were stronger than even her teachers. Soon she had begun to tire of him but had never cut him off completely. It was always good for a girl to have some cock in reserve for a rainy day.

Mindy sucked Frank's cock, lustily enjoying every second of it. She knew however, that she had things to do at home and so she wanted to make him come quickly. Her hand stroked faster up and down the shaft and she was so intent on making him come that she never heard Gina walk in the room.

"What the fuck?" Gina bellowed when she saw her brother's cock in Mindy's mouth. "What the fuck is going on?"

Mindy let Frank's cock pop out of her mouth. "What does it look like Gina?" She held Frank's cock out to her. "Want some?"

"Fuck. If you were going to blow my brother the least you could have done is include me. You bitch."

"I'm the bitch? You're the one that talked me into blowing him that first time."

"Girls! Stop arguing and start sucking will you?"

Gina dropped to her knees in front of him. "Shit I never could refuse an offer like that." She grabbed her brother's cock and slid it between her red lips. Her head bobbed up and down on it.

"Mindy laughed. "Suck it girl. Suck that big cock." After a minute of watching, Mindy guided Frank's cock out of his sister's mouth and back into hers. She could taste Gina's saliva on his cock and that made her even hotter.

"Move over a little Mindy, I want to suck his balls." Gina flipped over unto her back, slid between her brother's legs, raised herself up a little and began licking his swollen balls.

"Oh shit that's good" Frank moaned.

Mindy pulled Frank's cock out of her mouth for a moment. It was covered with her saliva and as she watched, a big glob of it rolled from the head of his cock and hung suspended about three inches underneath it.

"Gina, check this out." Gina slid out from under Frank and giggled when she saw the saliva hanging from his cock. She sat partially up and parted her moist lips and sucked the streamer into her mouth.

"Umm, fucking good!" she then went back to work on his balls.

Mindy was really turned on after watching Gina suck up her saliva off of her own brother's cock. She couldn't wait for Frank to shoot off his hot cum. She wanted it so bad now.

Gina sat up and the girls held Frank's cock between them as each of them licked his cock from top to bottom and then back up. Sometimes their tongues would meet at the top of the head and they would kiss and swap spit for a second before returning to the cock.

"Cum for us Frankie!" Gina moaned . She was just as eager for it as Mindy was. She put just the tip in her mouth and sucked while Mindy ran her tongue up and down the sensitive underside. Gina's hand stroked as fast as she could, urging the cum inside to splurt out into their waiting mouths.

"Oh fuck girls, get ready, I'm gonna come."

Gina pulled her mouth from Frank's cock and she and Mindy put their faces together and opened their mouths. They stuck out their little pink tongues so that the tips were touching. They had done this many times in the past and they knew how it turned Frank on.

"Oh shit, oh shit . OOHH god!" Frank blew his load in their mouths with a loud screech that would have wakened the dead. Hot cum flew on the eager teens tongues and shot down their throats. Frank tried to direct his cum shots so that each girl would get an equal amount.

"Oh yummy! Give me another squirt," Mindy screamed, swallowing a huge gob of it. She loved, just loved the taste of hot cum pouring down her throat. Her tongue curled inward so that it would not pour out. Gina had taught her that trick.

"My turn! Give me more!" Gina commanded. She was rewarded with another thick shot unto her tongue. She swallowed greedily.

Frank was almost out of ammo now but both girls had gotten a fair share. Mindy squeezed his cock and another huge glob trickled out of his cock hole and she licked it up. Gina then took his cock into her mouth and sucked the last of it out.

She turned toward Mindy and let some of the cum trickle out of her mouth and over her full lips. Mindy bent forward and licked the cum from Gina's face and then they kissed, swapping cum back and forth from each others mouths. This had become sort of a ritual with them each time they sucked Frank off together. Best friends shared everything was their motto.

"Want to stay over? We can take turns fucking Frank."

I would love nothing better girlfriend but I've got a problem at home I've gotta take care of. She kissed Gina once more, kissed Frank's cock and rose to her feet.

"Be careful with that shit I gave you. One's plenty."

"Got you. Thanks Frank. Thanks Gina." She hurried out without any further explanation.

When she got to the local Starbucks she found a table in a quiet corner and called her father. She told him what had happened and she thought he would fucking freak out right on the phone. She could sense the range of emotions he was going through because she had felt many of the same things. Finally she managed to calm him down enough to listen to her.

"Look daddy, I've got an idea how to fix things but I need you to calm down first. I need you to trust me and do exactly what I tell you.

"But honey how can..."

"Trust me daddy. Just come home at your normal time and do like I asked you. This might fix things but anyway it can't make them worse."

It took some convincing but finally she got him to agree. She didn't tell him exactly what she had in mind but he was so upset that he was willing to try just about anything at that point.

"See you soon daddy and try not to worry. Ok?"

"Oh god honey, what a mess. Talk to you later."

She sat silently nursing her latte. She went over her plan again and again until she knew it was as good as it was going to be. This had to work, it just had to!


The Camera Never Lies Ch. 02, A mother's plan to film incest goes wrong.
Incest/Taboo 	07/19/11


The Camera Never Lies Ch. 02
bysmudgebucket©
Sara was worried. Of all the things in the world that she disliked, confrontation was at the top of her list, especially with family. She had always felt that most problems could be worked out without resorting to yelling, screaming and accusations. This, however, was not going to be pretty.

The video of her husband and daughter together had changed everything. There was no way that her husband was going to talk or reason his way out of this. Everything had changed in the instant that she had viewed that scene. Her marriage, indeed her entire life as she had know it was over as far as she was concerned.

That video! That damned video! How, she wondered, had this happened right under her nose. How had she not seen any signs? Well, of course, she had seen signs. That was why she had bought that spy cam in the first place but never in her wildest dreams had she every imagined anything like this. Her own daughter! Why she was barely more than a child, just eighteen years old!

Who was she kidding? She suddenly realized that her daughter was not a child any longer, not in any real sense of the word. The way that she had eagerly performed on her father, sucking and licking him like that. Kissing and loving that throbbing cock until it exploded in her mouth, hot cum pouring down her willing throat. No, she was not a child any longer.

The thought of what she had seen on that video reminded Sara of something else, something she would have preferred to forget. She had become aroused watching her daughter do that to her father, very aroused. Just the thought of that fact made Sara ashamed of herself. What was wrong with her? Why had she felt that way?

That video! Sara remembered that she had stopped the video well before it had ended. She felt an urge suddenly to see what else was on there. She might as well know everything that had happened she reasoned. Her fingers worked on the keyboard, locating that folder.

STOP! What are you doing, her sensible side told her. You already know everything you need to know. There's no point...

She clicked on the video icon before her rational self could talk her out of it. She gasped at what she saw.

Mindy lay back on the bed, Sara's bed, her long legs spread open. Her hand was between her legs gently stroking her pussy. A dreamy smile lit up her face.

"Oh Daddy, I'm getting so wet. I can't wait for you much longer." She drew her fingers to her mouth and tasted them.

"Umm, I taste sooo good Daddy. Wanna taste me?"

"Oh baby girl, you know that I do."

Sara watched her husband crawl back into the camera's view and between her daughter's legs. He pulled her slightly forward and lowered his head to her. Because of the angle Sara could not see his face and tongue but the look of unadulterated pleasure on Mindy's face told her all she needed to know. Mindy wantonly spread her legs open as wide as she could and grasped her father's head with her hands and pulled him even closer to her.

"Oh Daddy! Oh yes that's it. Oh that feels so good! Lick me good!"

Sara watched her husbands head bob up and down and move from side to side as he enjoyed the taste of his daughters wet pussy. He was obviously enjoying it as much as Mindy. Without even realizing that she was doing it, Sara began touching herself as she watched, her fingers lightly caressing her pussy through her slacks. Oh god, she thought, I shouldn't be watching this. This is so wrong. However she made no attempt to turn it off.

Mindy's head dropped back unto the pillows and her eyes closed halfway but the smile never left her face. Her father continued to eat her until at last Mindy pushed him away.

"Oh Daddy, I want you inside of me. I need you to fuck me. Now Daddy! Please?"

"Oh honey yes, sit on my lap like I showed you before." They switched places and Mark sat back against the pillows. Sara could see his cock was hard again and the sight of it turned Sara on even more. She slid her hand inside her slacks and panties and down to the warmth of her pussy. She was soaking wet already. Oh god, she thought, are you really going to sit here and watch your husband screw your daughter? What's wrong with you?

Any thoughts of turning the video off rapidly disappeared as Sara watched her teen daughter eagerly climb unto her father's lap and lower herself unto him. Sara could see Mark's cock as Mindy's pussy opened to take him in. Slowly Mark began pushing it in, an inch at a time.

"Oh Daddy, wait! It's so tight. Ohh!"

"Let it take a second to get used to it honey." Mark reached back and spread Mindy's cheeks apart to make it easier for her to take him inside of her.

"Ohh, it feels good but it's so big in me Daddy. Oh wait! Slide it in a little more!"

Marks cock slid in a little farther and Mindy moaned. Finally with one downward thrust, Mindy took the full length of it up inside of her.

"Ohhhh!" she screamed. Yesss!

Sara could clearly see as Mark slowly began riding his cock into his daughters wet hole. She saw that his cock was wet with her juices as it began pumping in and out of her.

Sara's finger was inside of her wet pussy as she watched, touching and rubbing her own clit as her daughter got the fuck of her young life. Any thought of right and wrong was gone now, only the strange and unexpected pleasure of watching the two of them together remained. She almost wished that she was there so that she could play with them too. That thought was so wrong but sooo hot!

"Oh that's it Daddy, fuck me! Fuck me hard! Fuck me like you fuck Mommy!"

Sara gasped when Mindy said that. Why that little bitch, she thought, how dare she use my name when she was fucking my husband. But in reality it only made things hotter for her. Her fingers worked faster now on her clit as she watched. I could teach her a thing or two about how to fuck a man, she thought.

Just as Mark was beginning to fuck Mindy hard and just before Sara herself was ready to cum, she heard the door to the kitchen open and Mindy yelled out, "Mom, I'm home."

"Shit!" she moaned as she quickly pulled her hand out of her slacks and turned the video off. She was flushed with desire and her breathing was too rapid but she somehow managed to sound normal as she answered and told Mindy to go do her homework and wait for her father to get home.

Mindy meekly answered in the affirmative and went to her room. Sara sat for awhile until she was sure she had total control of herself and then she went to Mindy's room to have a short talk with her. With each passing moment the passion she had felt faded into the background. She reasoned that for some unexplained lapse in judgment she had let herself get carried away but now she was back to normal. She knew what had to be done and no matter what the cost, she would see it through.

Before she talked to Mindy though she remember a work related phone call she had to make. She picked up the phone in the living room and was somewhat startled to hear Mindy's voice on the line. She was always surprised when Mindy used the landline instead of her cell but Mindy was always forgetting to charge her cell. I guess she was too busy doing her father to charge her own cell phone Sara thought bitterly.

She was just about to hang up when she realized that it was Mark, her husband, on the line with Mindy. She froze and held her breath in the hope that they wouldn't know that she had picked up the extension. They didn't.

"Oh Mindy honey I'm not sure that's such a great idea, I.."

"Daddy listen to me. We don't have a choice. Who knows what she'll do? She could get you fired or even go to the police or something."

"Mindy, maybe if I just talk to her.."

"Daddy, you didn't see how pissed she was. You aren't going to be able to talk to her period."

"But honey, giving her drugs, that's not something.."

"Daddy, they won't hurt her, I promise. They're just roofies. People I know have used them before. They'll just make her like sleepy and she'll do just what we tell her to do."

But what's the point of that honey?"

"Daddy, you still have that old camcorder don't you? We'll just take some film of her doing, you know, sex things, and then if she threatens to get you fired or arrested or something we'll tell her we'll send the video of her to, I don't know, work or something."

"Oh my god, how did things ever get to this point?"

"Daddy, you love me don't you?"

"You know I do honey"

"Then trust me Daddy. We can do this. Maybe after a while she'll get over it and everything will go back to the way it was. It's the only way I can see."

"Oh Jesus, let me think about it honey. I'll be home in an hour or so."

"Love you daddy!"

"Love you too sweetie" They hung up.

Sara stood there her blood boiling with anger. How fucking dare they? It wasn't bad enough that they were fucking each other behind her back, now they were going to drug her and then blackmail her? This was beyond belief! Now, she thought, they had gone too far. Divorce wasn't enough for him now. She would have him arrested and locked up for good. As for Mindy, she obviously was sick and would have to go to some sort of mental health clinic.

It suddenly occurred to Sara that she really had no proof of what they were planning. They, of course, would deny everything although Sara had that video of them together. It was too bad that...

An idea began to come to her. She had taped them once, why not tape this new situation where they tried to drug her and blackmail her. They didn't know about her spy cam. If she could get video of them in the act she would have enough evidence to cook both of their gooses.

But she couldn't let them actually drug her. What if...

Her thoughts were interrupted by Mindy's voice from the bedroom.

"Mom. I'm going to take a shower."

"Ok"

Sara listened at Mindy's door until she heard the sound of the shower being turned on. Then she entered the room as quietly as she could. Shit, she thought, I don't even know what I'm looking for.

She went through Mindy's dresser, night table drawer and everywhere else she could think of. Nothing. Just as she was about to give up she saw Mindy's purse on a chair in the corner of the room. Last chance, she thought. She open the purse and right there on top was a baggie with two blue pills. She grabbed the bag and quickly rushed into her bathroom across the hall and opened the medicine cabinet.

Blue pills, blue pills. The only thing she could find that was blue were the pills in the Aleve bottle. They were larger than the pills Mindy had but she had no choice at this point. She replaced the pills in the baggy with the Alleve and crossed her fingers. Everything hinged on her hope that Mindy would never notice the difference. She hurried back into Mindy's room and replaced the baggy where she had found it. Walking back into her room she wondered what to do next. She supposed she would have to just play it as it happened.

She retrieved her spy cam and set it up as previously in her bedroom. This, she knew would be the place where whatever happened would happen. She took a look around to check everything and then went out to make dinner. Even these two blackmailers had to eat, she reasoned, and so did she. Well, she wouldn't be cooking for the two of them much longer.

After her shower Mindy came out and begged Sara to hold off on any discussions until after dinner.

"Let's have a family dinner and then we can talk about this, ok mom?"

Yeah right, Sara thought, let's wait until you can drug me and then blackmail me and then we'll talk. She agreed however.

About forty-five minutes later Mark walked in with a nervous, hesitant look about him.

"Hello Sara, I..."

"Don't even talk to me you bastard. The only reason I'm even here and talking to you is because Mindy asked me to be decent about this until dinner. Right now I want you to get the fuck away from me and don't say a word!"

"Ok" Mark walked out of the kitchen.

"The son-of-a-bitch couldn't even look me in the eye," Sara mumbled in disgust.

Their dinner was depressing. No one wanted to speak or look at each other. Mindy had insisted that she get her mother a refill of her iced tea.

Well here it comes she thought. She noticed Mark and Mindy exchange nervous glances. She picked up the glass and pretended not to notice the very small pieces of blue in her drink. Mindy had apparently crushed the pills up somehow but she hadn't done a very good job of mixing it into her drink. How pathetic, Sara thought. They can't even spike my drink properly. She took a drink.

Sara had no idea how the pills were supposed to affect her or how long before they normally would start to work. She would have to make that part up on the fly and hope they wouldn't catch on. As soon as she was in the bedroom and they had talked enough to incriminate themselves, Sara would end this farce and think about what to do next.

Sara made sure that she finished all of her iced tea and then excused herself for a minute. She hurried into the bedroom and checked the location of her camera and turned it on. She had checked the settings earlier so she was confident that it would work properly. Taking a deep breath she returned to the dining room where Mindy and Mark quickly ended their conversation.

It should take a little while for the pills to take effect she reasoned so she sat down and finished her dinner in silence. She noticed Mindy staring at her from time to time, apparently waiting for the pills to work. Well, Sara thought, show time.

She yawned loudly and made a show of dropping her fork twice. She closed her eyes halfway hoping it would be mistaken for a glazed drugged look.

"Mom, are you ok?"

"I don't...I'm just so tired all of a sudden. Feel like I've been drinking or something."

"Maybe you should lie down for a while." This from Mark.

"No we gotta talk..."

"We can talk later when you're feeling better Mom. Right now you should probably lie down like Dad said."

"Ok, anything you say." Sara saw Mindy smile at Mark and mouth the words, "See, I told you."

Sara arose from the table, pretended to stumble and then walked unsteadily into the bedroom. She was about to plop down on the bed but Mindy told her to get undressed first.

"You'll be more comfortable with your clothes off mom."

Sara sat down and removed her blouse and then clumsily slid her slacks off after kicking off her shoes. Mindy reached behind her and unhooked her bra. Sara then lay back against the pillows with just her panties on.

"Shouldn't be naked in front of you," she mumbled.

"It's fine mom. How do you feel?"

"Things are spinning' and I can't focus. Everything's weird like." Sara didn't want to overplay it but she had to pretend to be drugged enough for them to continue. Besides, oddly enough, Sara was beginning to enjoy this. They thought that they were controlling her when in reality it was the other way around. She moaned softly hoping that would encourage them to continue. Continue to incriminate themselves she thought.

"Honey, are you sure she's all right? If anything happened to her..."

Mindy giggled. " She's just totally fucked up is all daddy. She'll let us do anything we want to her now and tomorrow she won't remember much of anything. Get the camcorder daddy."

Mark left and Mindy climbed into bed next to her. She lightly slapped Sara's cheeks.

"Mom, you still with us?"

"Ohh, yes," she mumbled.

Mindy leaned in close to her ear.

"Wanna get fucked mommy?"

"What did you..?"

Mindy giggled. "I asked you if you wanted to get fucked mommy. Say yes Mindy, I wanna get fucked."

"Oh Mindy I..."

"Do what I tell you mom, say it!"

Sara was so angry that she almost bolted upright and slapped Mindy but she somehow managed to remember why she was there and stopped herself. Instead she mumbled, " I want to get fucked," and closed her eyes.

"There, that wasn't so hard was it?" A moment of silence and then "Umm mom, you sure have nice titties. So much bigger than mine." Mindy reached out and fondled one of Sara's breasts.

Sara flinched as her daughter softly caressed her breast. The feeling was electric, unlike anything she had ever experienced before. In her life several men and yes, even a few women had touched her like this but never in her wildest dreams had she ever envisioned herself lying in bed, nearly naked while her own daughter touched her like that. A heat seemed to spread throughout her body and she felt herself becoming aroused.

Maintain your composure, she thought to herself, this will all be over soon.

"Daddy, are you coming or what?"

"I'm here baby." Mark walked into the room with the camcorder. 

"Set it on the table there and get it recording," Mindy ordered. "Don't worry if it records us talking about this, we can cut out those parts later."

Mark dutifully set the camcorder on the table, adjusted the controls and after lining up the angle of view through the viewfinder, pushed record.

"Mindy, are you sure she's ok?"

"Yes daddy, for the hundredth time, she's fine. Here let me show you." Mindy gently turned Sara's head toward the camera and whispered in her ear, "tell Daddy you want him to fuck you."

Oh shit, she thought, here we go. Gotta play along just a little longer and this will all be over.

"Mark, fuck me."

Mindy laughed and said, "what are you waiting for daddy, get your clothes off."

Through half closed eyes Sara watched Mark disrobe and climb onto the bed.

"Lie down next to her daddy." It was clear that Mindy was going to orchestrate the whole scene. Sara felt the bed settle in as Mark laid down next to her.

Looking directly at the camcorder Mindy smiled and said, "Now I'm going to suck my daddy's cock for him. Mommy likes it when her little girl gets daddy hard for her. Don't you mommy?"

Sara was shocked to hear herself say, "Yes." The heat in her body was becoming more intense and she knew she was getting wet. Just a minute more ,she told herself, gotta make sure there's enough on the tape to incriminate them.

"Mommy, I want you to watch me suck daddy and get him hard." She bent down and Sara watched as her daughter took her father's cock into her hand. Mark moaned in pleasure as Mindy then slid his cock into her eager mouth and began gently sucking on the head.

Sara again felt her whole body flinch as she watched her daughter suck Mark's rapidly growing cock. It was one thing to see it on video but this was happening right here, right now. The sight of her husband's cock sliding in and out of her daughter's pretty lips was electrifying. Despite herself, she moaned with pleasure. I should stop this right now, she thought.

Mindy slowly slid her father's cock out of her mouth and after licking slowly up and down it's length, she looked up at Sara.

"Oh mommy, his cock tastes so good and it's getting so hard. Do you like watching me suck it?"

Again Sara heard herself answer, "Yes."

"I knew you would Mom." Mindy stroked Mark's cock which was fully erect now. "Umm, so fucking good." She bent down and took it back into her mouth, bobbing her head rapidly up and down.

Sara wanted desperately to touch herself but a part of her still held back. Just a minute more she thought and then I'll end this. Instead she watched her daughter suck Mark's cock. She's a pretty good cocksucker, Sara thought, wondering where in the hell she had learned to do it.

Mindy continued sucking her father's cock for another minute or so and then let it slide out of her mouth.

"Like that Daddy?"

"You know I do honey but it feels so weird with your mommy watching us."

"Ha! She's gonna do a whole lot more than watch Daddy." Turning to Sara she said, "Come on Mom, your turn."

Sara looked down at her daughter who was still stroking her father's dick and smiling at her. Now I've gotta stop this she thought. There's enough on the tape to convince anyone of what was going on here. Instead she found herself slowly, as if still groggy from the drug, rising to a sitting position and then lowering herself toward Mark's hard cock.

She could see that his cock was wet with her daughter's saliva as she lowered her face towards it. I've gotta stop now, she thought, this is getting out of hand but it was as if some invisible force was pushing her head downward, a force she was powerless to stop.

"Open wide Mommy," Mindy giggled as she guided her father's cock into Sara's mouth. "Ohh yeah, suck it Mom!"

Oh shit! Now I've done it, Sara thought as the familiar feel of Mark's cock in her mouth enticed her senses. Now I've gone and ruined everything. Her tongue tasted her daughter's saliva as she took it all the way in.

A thought suddenly occurred to her. The only thing she could do at this point was to play along with them and then say that she really had been drugged. That way whatever happened would still be their fault and not hers. She knew that she had already gone too far to claim other wise. Shit!

Mindy turned back to the camcorder. "My mommy is the best cocksucker in the world! She knows all the tricks and taught me to do it."

Shit, that'll sound great in court Sara thought. She began sucking more insistently as Mindy continued stroking it's base. Mindy was right about one thing for sure, Sara thought. Mark's cock did taste superb! His precum and Mindy's saliva was a powerful combination. She could feel her pussy dripping.

"Ohh, fuck yeah Mom, do it! That's so hot! Now take it out and lick it!"

Sara let her husband's cock slide slowly out of her mouth. Her tongue danced out and began licking the engorged head. Mindy leaned forward and licked the length of his shaft as Sara concentrated on the head.

Oh my god, she thought, I'm sharing his cock with my own daughter. She felt a flush of shame just momentarily halt her licking but it was not enough to make her push away. Passion was by far the stronger feeling and she continued licking his cock while Mindy moved up and began licking the opposite side.

The stared into each others eyes and then Mindy giggled and took his cock into her mouth again. Sara watched her daughter bob her head up and down as she sucked her father. Any thoughts of stopping now were long gone and Sara wondered briefly if she would stop even if she could.

Mindy popped Mark's cock out of her mouth and held it out for her mother. Sara took it in and began sucking furiously. If she had to do this she might as well do it right and in the process show her daughter who was boss around here. But then she thought, shit, I'm supposed to be drugged, I can't get too eager.

Against her own raging desire she fell back against the pillows and moaned.

"I'm so dizzy, I have to rest."

Mindy giggled. "That's ok Mom, you can rest on your back with your legs open. Time to get fucked anyway. Come on daddy climb up and fuck her."

Mark obediently rolled over and climbed between Sara's legs. Christ, Sara thought, he's like a puppet with her.

Mindy smiled at the camcorder and said, "Daddy's gonna fuck Mom now. She likes it when I watch."

Mark reached down and guided his cock to Sara's dripping pussy. Almost out of habit she spread her legs open for him as widely as she could. She wanted his cock inside of her almost as much as Mindy apparently did. What had it been she wondered, weeks since she had been laid?

"Ohhh" she moaned as his cock slid quickly into her. It felt so good, filing her pussy with his hardness. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him even tighter to her.

"Yeah daddy, fuck her good!" Mindy giggled. She laid down next to Sara and gently guided her head to the side so that they were both facing the camcorder.

"Does that cock feel good in you mommy? Tell me how much you like it."

"Ohh so good" she managed to moan as Mark began slowly riding in and out of her dripping hole. Her body was tingling with pleasure now as spasms of pleasure radiated outward from her pussy in all directions.

"You like it when I help you fuck daddy don't you mommy?"

"Oh god baby I..."

"Tell me!!" Mindy ordered.

"Yes I like it. Yes goddamn it." Shit, Sara thought. Every time I open my mouth I get myself in more trouble.

Turning to her father Mindy said, "That's it daddy, fuck her good!"

Mark was doing his level best to do just that. His cock was pounding his wife now. The thought of the both of them in bed with him at the same time was making him crazy with desire. Never had he imagined this happening but now that it was, it was amazing. Any lingering doubts he may have had were gone now.

"Kiss me daddy. Kiss me while you fuck mommy!"

Mark turned to Mindy and she kissed her father passionately. Sara could see their tongues touching and this too drove her level of pleasure even higher. Mindy let her hand drop to Sara's breast and her fingers lightly caressed Sara's nipple as she kissed her father. Sara swooned at her daughter's touch. Even to this point see had not thought of her and Mindy together in that way but now anything seemed possible.

"Does mommy's pussy feel good daddy?"

"On god honey yes."

"Then keep fucking her hard daddy and you know what else?"

"What baby?"

Mindy giggled.

"I want you to cum on mommy's face daddy and then take the camera and get a nice close up and I'll lick it all up."

"Anything for you honey."

"Um, I can't wait. Fuck her good daddy. Make her squeal!"

Truth was that Sara was close to actually squealing. Mark's cock felt so good inside her and her daughter spurring them on just made it hotter. She felt like a dog in heat and only the fact that she was supposed to be drugged acted as a drag on her actions. Still, she could not hold back altogether.

"Oh god Mark it feels so good! Do me baby! Harder! Oh shit I..." She dug her nails into Mark's back and tried to pull him closer.

Mindy was nibbling on her father's ear and her hand was pinching her mother's nipple. She eagerly watched him rut wildly in Sara's pussy and joyfully noted her mother's increasing lust. This was working out better than she could have ever have imagined.

After another minute or two Mark turned to Mindy.

"Oh god baby I'm getting close. Ohh!"

"Gonna cum daddy? Let me know when because I want to stroke it when you shoot off on mommy's face." She kissed her father.

"Oh Mindy! I gotta take it out. Gonna cum honey!" He pulled his cock from his wife's pussy and climbed up so that his throbbing cock was aimed at his wife. Mindy scooted up and grabbed it aiming it directly at her mother's face.

Oh shit, Sara thought, here comes a cum bath. She had sucked her husband off many times and liked his warm cum but never had he shot it all over her face before. Especially with her daughter watching just inches away.

"Give it to her daddy! Cum on her face for me!" She could feel his cock twitching in her hand.

"Oh god honey, here it cums!"

Sara felt the first splash of cum hit her forehead. It felt warm and sexy. Soon more thick wads splashed down on her guided by her daughter's eager hand.

"Oh yeah daddy, shoot it all over her!"

Cum splashed against her lips and chin and she opened her mouth to let some of it flow into her mouth. The familiar warm and salty taste was wonderful. She looked up to see Mindy lean forward and stick out her tongue in order to get a little taste of it for herself. She smiled down at her mother as she took her cum coated tongue into her mouth and swallowed it.

Strands of cum continued to shoot out of Mark's cock and Mindy giggled as she changed her aim and made sure that most, if not all of her mother's face was covered. She stroked him to get every last drop of the wonderful nectar out of him. Finally, after what seemed like minutes but were really just seconds, the well ran dry.

"Oh, good job daddy! That all of it?" She grasped his cock harder and stoked it one last time. A last strand of cum slowly dribbled from his cock and hung there, hanging from the head.

"Umm," Mindy moaned and quickly slurped his cock into her mouth, gobbling it up. She sucked and licked him clean, only releasing his cock when she was sure there was nothing left. Giving his cock one last long kiss right on the head, she looked up at her father and told him to get the camcorder.

Mark stumbled over to the table and picked up the camcorder. Checking to see that it was still recording he kneeled down at the head of the bed, next to his wife's cum drenched face.

"Get a good, close shot of this daddy." She leaned in close to her mother and made sure that she was close enough so that both of their faces would be in the frame. She turned to the camera she smiled wickedly.

"Doesn't my mommy look good with daddy's cum all over her?" She leaned in and licked a large glob off of her mothers nose.

"Ohh, that's so good! Tastes so nice. Sometimes she's a bad mommy and keeps it all for herself." She licked another splat off Sara's chin and made sure the camera could see her taste it and roll it around in her mouth. Smiling, she opened her lips slightly and let some of it roll out and over her perfect teen lips and down to her chin.

"But not tonight. Tonight mommy's sharing it with me." She leaned in and sucked up a huge splatter on Sara's cheek.

"Umm, good mommy. I like it when we share daddy's cum. Don't you mommy?"

"Yes," Sara mumbled.

"Louder mommy!"

"Yes goddamn it, I like it." Sara knew there would be hell to pay for this but she couldn't help herself. At this point she would do anything Mindy asked of her. The sheer depravity, the nastiness of this whole twisted situation was intoxicating. She was totally under it's spell now.

"Here mommy," Mindy giggled as she scooped up some of her father's cum from Sara's face, "Have some." She held her finger out to her mother and without hesitation Sara took it into her mouth and sucked it dry. The feeling of her daughter's cum soaked finger in her mouth was beyond anything she had ever felt before.

"Oh, I know," Mindy laughed. "Open wide mommy."

Sara opened her mouth as Mindy leaned forward and sucked another glob into her mouth. Then positioning her mouth just inches above Sara's, Mindy let the cum drip right out of her mouth and directly into her mother's. Sara took it all and swallowed it.

Mindy laughed. "Like that daddy? Yeah? Ohh, I'm so hungry. No more sharing, the rest's for me. Aren't you glad that mommy taught me to eat cum Daddy? Umm."

She leaned in and began furiously licking up the remaining cum. She covered her mother's whole face, sucking it all in and then lastly, staring her mother directly in the eye, kissed her on the lips. Sara felt her daughters tongue slip into her mouth and feed her some of the cum that remained there. Sara's tongue met Mindy's and for one long moment they kissed passionately. Finally Mindy broke their kiss and looked at her mother with a curious look.

"Well mom, you are full of surprises."

After a moment the spell seemed to break and Mindy climbed out of bed.

"You go to sleep now mom. Daddy and I have to do something."

Sara pretended to close her eyes but she watched Mindy and her husband take the camera and leave the room. Probably to look at the footage on the camera she thought. Well shit, she had a video to check out too but she didn't want to chance looking at it now.

Instead she lay in bed and replayed what had just happened over in her head. As her passion subsided, her sense of shame and guilt began to flood in. My god, she thought, what had she done? How could she ever look herself in the eye again after what had just happened here. How could she have let herself get carried away like that?

She knew that her film could conceivably be used to justify her actions to others but how could she justify them to herself? She knew that she had not really been drugged even if she claimed otherwise to the rest of the world. Maybe she was just as sick as she had imagined her husband and daughter to be. Now there was an unsettling thought. Dozens of similar thoughts flew in and out of her conscious thoughts as she lay there.

The most troubling thought, however, was wondering what would happen next. She felt that control of her life was slipping away from her. She had some difficult decisions to make and whatever she decided, her life was about to go in a new direction. She just wished that she knew what direction that would be.

begin The Camera Never Lies Ch. 03, Mindy draws Sara deeper into her control.

The Camera Never Lies Ch. 03, Mindy draws Sara deeper into her control.

The Camera Never Lies Ch. 03
bysmudgebucket©
The coffee shop was practically deserted when Sara arrived; a fact that was just fine with her. It wasn't company she needed, it was a quiet place to think. She took a seat in a booth as far as possible from the counter. A bored waitress took her order and then left her alone.

The past week had been a nightmare for her. First she had found out that her own daughter had been sleeping with her husband. If that wasn't bad enough, her daughter had then planned to drug her and film her in a compromising situation in order to force her to keep her mouth shut. Who could ever have imagined something like this happening to her in real life?

The worst part, however, was that she had allowed herself to be filmed. She had averted being drugged thanks to an overheard telephone conversation and had set up her own camera to film the two of them conspiring together. Everything had worked exactly like she planned except for one little hitch. Well not exactly "little" she thought sardonically. She sipped her coffee, thankful for the warmth it seemed to spread through her body.

She hadn't stopped it from happening. She had ample time and opportunity to stop things from going too far but she didn't. Instead, she had let herself be filmed having sex with her husband and daughter at the same time. Not only that but she had enjoyed it. There wasn't any point in lying to herself, the truth was evident to anyone who might see the film.

She had deluded herself at the time with the idea that she could claim that she had indeed been drugged and unable to stop it. That was bullshit and she knew it. The next day she had looked at her film taken with the spy cam she had purchased. It was all there for anyone to see.

Yes she had proof that her family had conspired against her and yes she also had proof that they had attempted to drug her. That was self evident to anyone but so was something else.

Once the sex had started Sara had proved to be a poor actress. At times she had appeared to be woozy and out of it but more often than not she appeared to be clearheaded and eager for what was happening. She had participated willingly in incest.

Even now, conflicting emotions engulfed her. She felt shame and guilt over what had happened, that was true. And yet..and yet..

Sara closed her eyes and held her coffee mug tightly. She had become so sexually aroused that night, making love to her husband while her daughter, just barely eighteen, participated and in reality orchestrated the whole thing. Mindy's presence had awoke feelings in her that she had never even knew existed. Even now, a week later, the very thought of that night was enough to get her blood pounding and her pussy dripping.

Shit! What is wrong with me she wondered. I'm just as guilty and perverted as they are, evidently. The only difference between them and me was that I at least know that it's wrong, she reasoned. Her daughter was a horny out-of-control teenager and her husband was a weak willed typical man who thought with his cock and not his brain. Not to excuse them but she recognized their weaknesses. Her behavior was inexcusable however.

That wasn't the worst of it. The next day, Mindy had told her, point blank, about what had happened. She had even showed her a part of the film that the two of them had made. Sara had been stunned at the lack of emotion that Mindy had exhibited during this conversation. She even seemed to be enjoying her mother's humiliation.

"Mom, nobody's ever going to see this ok? As long as you keep quiet about it we can go on just like before. The family stays together and I go to school and you and dad go to work and no ones the wiser. Please understand that daddy and I still love you and we want to make this work."

"You've got to be kidding, right? Just like before? You're blackmailing your own mother after screwing your own father. How can you possibly think that things can ever be as they were? Are you delusional?"

Sara noticed a cold, calculating look from Mindy.

"Because they are mother! If I send this film to certain people you'll be fucked! I'll send it to your boss and to social services or whatever they call it and maybe even to the police. Who do you think they'll believe when they see the two of us together with daddy? When they see us sucking his cock and fucking him?"

"My god Mindy. Whatever happened to you to make you treat me this way?" Sara felt herself on the verge of tears.

Mindy's face softened somewhat.

"Mom, I'm not trying to steal your husband or anything. I love you, I really do. I'm trying to keep you from making a bad mistake is all. I promise you, it'll all work out. You'll see." End of conversation.

The next few days had been uneventful. Mark had tried to talk to her on several occasions but Sara had rebuffed him each time. She had noting to say to this man who had failed her when she needed him most.

For her part, Mindy seemed just the same as always. Sometimes bubbly, sometimes moody: a typical teen. Nothing further had been mentioned about "that night"

Sara finished her coffee and left a small tip. It was Monday so that meant that Mark would be working late. She and Mindy would have the place to themselves. Probably Mindy would eat a quick dinner and then disappear into her room or go to a friends house to do god knows what. Well...

When she walked from her garage into the house she got a surprise. The table in the dining room had been set and the morning's dishes had been washed and put away. She couldn't understand...

"Hi mom!" Mindy walked up to her with a big smile and kissed her on the cheek.

"Hello," Sara said tentatively. " What's with all this?" she asked, gesturing towards the table.

Mindy smiled happily apparently in one of her bubbly moods.

"Mom, I know the past few days have been kinda rough on you. I thought...well I wanted to make it up to you." She giggled mischievously.

"Mindy, you can't.."

"Shhh!" Mindy giggled putting her finger against Sara's lips. "Yes I can! Come with me mommy."

Mindy took her mother's hand and led her to the stairs. Sara followed obediently. What in the world did she have in mind Sara wondered?

Mindy led her to the master bedroom door which was closed.

"Now close you eyes and no peeking mom."

"Mindy, I'm a little tired for all this mystery. Can't you just..."

Mindy shushed her again. 

"Just do what I tell you mom ok?" A slight trace of annoyance had crept into her voice.

Sara sighed but thought it best to let this game of Mindy's play out. What in the world could she be thinking? She closed her eyes.

"Ok Mindy, let's get this over with. Lead me on."

"Yeah! That's the spirit mom." She took her mother's hand and Sara heard the door open. Mindy walked into the bedroom, leading Sara behind her. After a few steps they stopped.

"Ok mom you can open your eyes now."

Sara opened her eyes. She was standing just a few feet from the bed, her own bed in fact. In the bed, lying propped up against the pillows, was a blond shaggy haired boy about Mindy's age. He smiled up at her.

Sara was so startled that she took a step or two backwards. For a moment she was speechless. This was the last thing she had expected to find.

"Mindy! Who is this and what the hell is he doing in my bed?" She was flushed with anger. She felt her fists clench at her side.

Mindy laughed and bounced unto the bed next to him.

"Isn't he cute mom? This is Frankie, Gina's brother." She bent forward and gave him a kiss on the lips.

"What the hell is he doing here, in my bed?"

"Waiting for you mom." Mindy smiled as did Frankie.

"Waiting for me? What are you talking..." Suddenly Sara had a thought, which she pushed from her mind immediately. She stared at the both of them in stunned silence. No...no way. She took a step backward.

Mindy smiled. "He's my present to you mom. Wanna see what he's got for you?" She pulled back the covers that had been covering Frankie's lap. He was naked from the waist down. His cock was erect and stood straight up and pointing at her, his legs sprayed wide apart. Mindy reached down and stroked his balls while smiling at her mother.

Sara exploded. "All right! That's enough! I want the both of you to get the hell out of my room. Now goddamn it move!"

Mindy smiled at Frankie. "Gimmie a minute, we'll be right back. " She jumped out of bed and grabbing her mother's hand she dragged her into the master bathroom and closed the door behind them.

"What the hell is wrong with you Mindy, bringing a boy like that into my home and putting him into my bed? Are you crazy?"

Mindy rolled her eyes in exasperation.

"First of all mother he's not a 'boy", he's 20 years old. Second of all, I'm trying to be nice to you." She smiled. "And he's a good fuck. We can both do him if you like. Like we did daddy."

Sara felt her heart sink. There could no longer be any doubt about it. Mindy was sick. The very thought of sharing a young boy with her proved it. Why it would be crazy, it would be..." The word hot popped in and out of her mind quickly. No... She stood stock still just shaking her head in disbelief.

"You'll really like it if you just give it a chance mom. Besides, I promised him."

"You promised him? You promised him that he could fuck your mother? Why in the world would you ever think that I would..."

"Because if I have to, I can make you do it."

"What?" Sara's mouth literally dropped open.

Mindy's face grew cold and hard again.

"If you don't, I'll use that movie of you and get you in trouble mom. Real trouble!"

"I don't believe it. I don't believe I just heard you say that. What kind of a daughter would pimp out her own mother?"

"I'm not pimping you out mom. Jesus! It's not like he's paying me or something. It's just that I owe him a favor and I thought I could kill two birds with one stone. You know, pay him back and make things right with you."

"Make things right with me? Is this how you think you can make things right with me? By having one of your little friends fuck me?"

Mindy laughed. "Why not? He's a real good fuck mom and he thinks you're hot for an older woman."

Sara thought the top of her head would explode then.

"For your information young lady I may be older than you but I'm not an old woman."

"I didn't say old woman mom, I said older woman and I said he thinks you're hot. Did you see how hard he was? That's from thinking of you." She smiled.

"I bet you'd like some nice cock from someone besides daddy. Someone who's really hot for you. Why don't you give it a try mom, daddy won't know."

"My god you're serious about this."

"Yes I am."

"And if I don't go along with this?"

Mindy shrugged. "Who knows where that movie could end up."

"Shit!"

"Tell you what mom. I'll warm him up for you. You just come out and watch for a minute or two. Maybe you'll get in the mood, who knows?"

"I don't fucking believe this."

"Come on mommy," Mindy giggled taking her hand. "Let's go." She started to pull Sara towards the door.

Sara tried to protest but the next thing she knew she was being led into the bedroom. I can't do this, she thought, there's just no way I can allow this to happen. But she didn't stop Mindy from leading her onward.

Frankie looked up at them.

"Christ I thought the two of you had gone to sleep or something." The covers were back over his lap but Sara could see the sheet tented out from his cock. A shiver ran through her body.

'Mom's gonna watch for a few minutes Frankie, ok?"

"But I thought..."

"Relax, everything's cool." She slid into the bed next to him while Sara sat on the farthest corner away from them and tried to avoid looking at either of them.

Frankie looked uncertainly at Sara but Mindy turned his head towards her and kissed him, slipping her tongue into his mouth.

"Umm," she moaned.

Out of the corner of her eyes Sara watched her daughter attack Frankie. As she kissed him, Mindy slid her hand under the sheet and began stroking his erection. Frankie slid his hand under Mindy's t-shirt and began caressing her breast.

Sara suddenly felt warm and uncomfortable. Was this room always this hot?

Frankie pulled Mindy's t-shirt up and over her head and tossed it on the floor. Sara noticed her daughters nipples were hard. Frankie bent forward and took one of them into his mouth.

"Oh yeah Frankie, that's good, do that" Mindy held his head tight against her breast and smiled at her mother.

Sara could hear sucking noises and Mindy's moans. Against her will she felt her own nipples harden. No! This couldn't be happening. Not here, not now.

Mindy wiggled her finger at her mother, urging her to come closer. Sara shook her head no. Mindy pulled him from her breast and kissed him deeply and then pushed him back unto the pillows.

"I'm dying for your cock Frankie."

"Help yourself baby. You know where it is."

Great line, Sara thought mockingly, "You know where it is." In spite of herself she silently giggled.

Mindy swept the sheet back. Frankie spread his legs so that both of them could see his erection. Mindy laughed.

"Look mom. Isn't it nice! So hard already."

"Yeah and your daughter knows what to do with it too."

"Yes I do." She took it in her hand and began gently stroking it's length. The head was dripping a few drops of pre-cum already.

"Umm" Mindy moaned. She bent forward and gently licked the head of his cock. Frankie closed his eyes with pleasure.

'Ohh, that's nice baby!"

Mindy smiled and let his cock slide between her luscious lips and into her mouth. Her hand stroked him as she slowly began sucking it.

Oh my god, this is really happening Sara thought as she watched her daughter suck Frankie's cock. I can't believe it. She knew she should probably run from the room but she was glued to the bed, watching her daughter. Her pulse was racing out of control and she felt herself getting wet between her legs.

Mindy pointed to a spot closer to her on the bed and without even thinking about it Sara obediently moved closer to them. Mindy smiled at her.

"Stroke him while I suck it mom."

Mindy reached out and grabbed her mother's hand and placed it on the base of Frankie's cock. Sara felt another jolt as her fingers touched the boy's cock. 

Oh god it was so wrong what she was doing, but what choice did she have? A part of her knew that she did have choices but that part was fading from her conscious mind quickly as her fingers wrapped around the base of his cock. God, his cock was so hard and felt so good.

Sara watched as Mindy's head bobbed up and down in time to her sucking. Almost involuntarily her hand began stroking him in perfect rhythm to her daughter's sucking.

Shit, her daughter looked sexy with his cock in her mouth, Sara thought. She was a natural born cock sucker and Sara wondered who had taught her to do that.

Frankie tentatively reached out and touched Sara's breast. Sara felt her nipples stand up instantly and though she knew she should pull away, she remained right where she was. His fingers began probing more assertively when she didn't pull away.

She felt him start to unbutton her blouse then. One, two and then three buttons opened and his hand then slipped inside and under her bra.

She let out a small moan as his fingers found her nipple and began to play with her.

"Your titties are a lot bigger than Mindy's. Take your blouse off and let me see them."

"Yeah mom, show him your tits," Mindy mumbled, her mouth still full of cock.

I can't, I can't, she thought even as she was unfastening the remaining buttons. Her blouse soon was on the floor and Mindy was behind her unfastening her bra. She felt it slide off of her and then she was topless.

"Ohh, nice. Mindy, you were right about her tits."

Sara was taken aback with the idea that at some point her daughter had been describing her tits to her boyfriend. That didn't last long as Frankie began rubbing his hands softly on her breasts. Ohh, that felt so good, she thought.

Mindy laughed. "Don't be shy Frankie, suck em for her." 

Frankie reached up and putting his hands on her shoulders, pulled her to him so that her breasts were over his face.

"I don't think I ..." Sara mumbled as Frankie brought her swollen nipple to his mouth. He ran his tongue over it's tip and then slurped it into his mouth. The feeling was electric and Sara moaned.

Sara looked back at Mindy who smiled up at her as she sucked his cock. She felt Frankie's mouth all over her titties, switching back and forth from nipple to nipple. The room seemed to swim around her as if she were on some sort of dizzying ride at an amusement park. This however, was a ride of pure passion, one that was threatening to engulf her completely. She knew that she had to stop this now before there was no turning back.

"No...No.. stop. Stop right now. I can't do this. I..." She tried to get up from the bed. Mindy, however, had other ideas.

Mindy grabbed her mother's shoulders and pulled her down toward her. Before Sara even realized it was happening, she was lying across from her daughter with Frankie's wet, throbbing cock between them, just inches from her face.

Mindy stroked Frankie's cock and held it out towards her mother.

"Come on mom. Don't tell me you're not dying to suck this cock. Umm, it tastes sooo good." She sucked on the head for a moment and then licked up and down it's length. Smiling, she held it out to Sara.

"Suck it mom!"

Sara felt herself lean towards his cock but was just barely able to stop herself before it met her full lips. No...no...her mind told her in one last desperate attempt at reason. Don't do this!

Mindy reached her arm around her mother's head and pushed it forward. Sara felt Frankie's cock brush her lips and she could smell him now, that heady, man smell of excitement that she knew only too well. Almost before she knew it she felt Mindy give her one last push and Frankie's cock slid into her mouth.

Frankie moaned with pleasure as Sara took him in. Mindy giggled and began stroking the base. Sara's last bit of resistant faded as the taste of hard cock filled her mouth. Slowly, she began sucking him, using her lips and tongue to excite him even more. God, he tasted good. She forgot her circumstances and began concentrating on pleasuring him and by extension, herself as well.

"Ohh mommy," Mindy laughed, "you really know what you're doing. That's it suck him. Suck that cock!"

Sara glanced in the direction of her daughter and saw her silently mouth the words "See, I told you" to Frankie. Mindy then sat up and pulled her shorts and panties off and threw them on the floor. Sara could see Frankie's fingers slide down Mindy's body and find her pussy. She watched as two of his fingers quickly slid up inside of her daughter and begin sliding slowly in and out. That his fingers were quickly soaked with Mindy's juices testified to her readiness.

"Ohh Frankie! Yeah! That's so good. Fuck me with your fingers!" She turned toward her mother who was sucking more eagerly on his cock.

"Come on mom, share that big dick." She bent forward and pulled it from Sara's mouth and slid it back into her own. Her head bobbed rapidly up and down on it. After a moment she pulled it from her mouth, gave it a long wet kiss on the head and pushed it back into Sara's mouth.

"Mom, get the rest of your clothes off. Show Frankie your pussy!"

Mindy's frank language seemed to just turn Sara on even more. She unclasped her skirt and pulled it off. Then standing next to the bed she slowly pulled her panties down, turning her back towards them so that when she bent down, her ass and pussy was exposed to him.

"Oh shit, look at that," Frankie laughed. "Nice!" he reached out and Sara could feel his hand exploring her there. When his finger slid over her pussy and found her clit, she thought that she might explode.

"Mom, sit on his face and watch me suck him while he eats you."

Obediently Sara climbed back unto the bed and straddled Frankie's face. She slowly lowered herself to him, offering her pussy to his hungry lips. His tongue found her and she had to force back a squeal of delight. He had obviously had some experience at pleasing women this way she thought as his tongue licked her and his lips nibbled on her swollen clit. She felt herself floating as waves of pleasure engulfed her.

She began riding her pussy back and forth on his face, knowing that her juices were dripping out of it. God, it felt so good she thought. She looked down at her daughter, busy sucking his cock and this too now turned her on. It was hot watching his cock slide in and out of her mouth she decided. Very fucking hot.

Finally Mindy reluctantly released his cock from her eager mouth. Sara could see that her saliva had coated it's entire length.

"Umm I want that cock inside of me." Sara pulled away from Frankie's face and climbing down unto the bed, swung her hips over Frankie and lowered herself unto him. One quick push was all it took and his cock slid up inside of her.

"God mom, slow down will you, I wasn't even finished sucking him."

"Too bad baby. You wanted me to fuck him didn't you? Well that's just what I'm going to do."

Sara began slowing fucking the boy, riding her pussy up and down his cock. It felt so good, she couldn't remember in the heat of the moment why she had ever fought the idea. If her daughter was going to force her to fuck him, then why not enjoy it.

"Ohh, fuck me baby, that's it. Yeah, that's it! Fuck me deep!"

Mindy shrugged. "Oh well, you heard her Frankie, fuck her good."

Frankie was well on his way to doing just that. Mindy's mom was hot and if she wanted a good fucking, well he was just the guy to do it. He grabbed Sara's hips and pulled her down on his cock. He felt the whole length of it slide way inside of her and he moved his hips from side to side, feeling her stretch out to accept him. It felt so good.

"Ohh baby, your pussy feels so good. I'm gonna fuck you raw." He pulled her closer to him and took her swollen nipple into his mouth.

"Oh god, yes! That feels so good. Do it Frankie. Fuck me!"

Frankie began to slide his cock in and out of her while never letting go of her nipple with his mouth. His teeth and tongue played with it and then he would suck it deep into his mouth. His cock would slide almost all of the way out of her and then pound it's way back into her to the hilt. With each thrust he could feel his cock pushing her pussy open, almost as if he were splitting her in two. He could not remember when or if he had ever felt a pussy like hers before. It was almost like her lips were tightening on his cock, teasing him, forbidding him to ever leave her. Well leaving this warm pussy was the last thing on his mind.

"Your pussy feels so good!"

"Fuck it good then with that cock!''

"You asked for it baby!" With one smooth motion he flipped her off of him and onto her back. Climbing between her open legs he quickly slid back inside of her.

"Ooohhhh," Sara moaned as he began pumping his cock into her. His hands were squeezing her tits as he fucked her. Her hips rose up to meet his, matching him thrust for thrust. She locked her legs around him, digging her heels into his ass.

For several minutes they fucked this way, each lost in the heat of the moment. Sara drove her tongue into the boy's mouth, meeting his there and dancing the dance of lust. Everything would be fine, she thought, if she could just lie here forever with his wonderful cock inside of her. Nothing mattered now except for the wild feeling spreading from her pussy outward to every sense organ in her body. She felt herself to be like a machine, a finely tuned machine whose sole reason for existing was to experience this exquisite pleasure his cock was bringing her.

Except...where the hell was Mindy? Just a moment ago she had been on the bed with them but now she was gone. Not that it really mattered, no way was she giving up this cock but it was curious that...

Sara's head turned slightly to the left and then she saw her. Mindy stood off to the side of the bed about three feet away. In her hands was the camcorder and she was filming them. Filming her fucking this young boy.

"Smile mommy. Tell the camera how much you love Frankie's cock."

"Mindy, what are you..."

"Just a little insurance mom." She turned to Frankie then.

"Fuck her good Frankie. She loves your cock. Give it to her!"

Sara made a half hearted attempt to pull away but she knew it was pointless. She was caught on film for a second time now and this time there would be no claims that she had been drugged. She was fucking a young boy and enjoying it, that was plain to see. Mindy had set this whole thing up and there was no escaping now.

Frankie drove his cock deep into her again and all thoughts of escaping vanished. Fuck it! she thought. Might as well make the most out of this. She turned to the camera.

"Oh Mindy baby his cock feels so good inside of me. He's fucking me so good. Thanks for bringing him to me baby!" At least now, she thought, it's on film that Mindy had set this up.

"Fuck her good Frankie! Mom loves your cock. Fuck her!" Mindy sat on the bed and pointed the camcorder at them, getting a closer shot.

For a moment or two the only sounds were the squishing noises their fucking produced and Sara's moans of pleasure. Finally Mindy set the camcorder on the nightstand and climbed back into bed.

"Just watching's no fun. I want some too." She swung her hips over her mother and positioned herself so that her pussy was pointing right at Frankie. He saw what she wanted and pulled his cock from Sara and slid it slowly into her wet pussy.

"Ohhh.. Yes! Shit! That's good!"

While Sara wasn't too thrilled to have Frankie pull his cock from her, she did find the sight of Mindy getting fucked while lying nearly on top of her quite arousing.

'Oh mom, his cock feels so good!"

"I know baby. I want it back soon though." Mindy was pumping her hips as he fucked her, an action that made her tits sway wildly just above Sara's face. She had a sudden urge to taste them. She reached up and pulled Mindy slightly closer to her. Her breast slapped Sara's cheek and then she could hold back no longer. Her tongue slowly reached out and licked Mindy's nipple, feeling it's pebbled texture. She wasn't sure what Mindy's reaction would be but she couldn't help herself. 

She needn't have worried. Mindy moaned and pulled her closer, in effect forcing it deep into her mother's mouth. Sara sucked it gently at first but then harder, her tongue running wild on it.

"That's it mom, suck my tittie while he fucks me. It feels so good."

Suddenly Sara felt Frankie slide his cock back inside of her. Obviously he could reach both of them without changing position. Sara loved the idea of his cock, covered with both of their juices, switching back and forth between them. It was wild!

Sara moaned as he began fucking her again. She let Mindy's breast slip from her mouth but just as quickly Mindy bent down and began licking her mother's tits.

"Oh honey!" Sara moaned as her daughter licked first one and then another. The combination of Frankie's cock and her daughter's hungry mouth was almost more than she could stand. She felt her pleasure mounting and knew that she was going to cum soon.

"Oh god, I'm going to cum! Don't stop, make me cum!"

"Keep fucking her Frankie! Make my mom cum!"

Frankie was pumping in and out of her as fast as he could. He knew that he wouldn't last too much longer either but he was determined to make Mindy's mom cum before he did.

Sara felt her orgasm fast approaching. Wave after wave of pure pleasure began building inside of her until at last, when she didn't think she would be able to stand it any longer, the dam inside of her burst. Her pussy seemed to explode with pure pleasure and waves of sensation quickly spread through her entire body. She muffled a scream and her body twitched violently from side to side. She pulled Mindy to her so tightly that her daughter could barely breathe. Finally her whole body lifted up and shook violently before she fell back unto the bed where she quivered in the aftermath of her pleasure.

"God mom, that was pretty intense," Mindy laughed.

"Oh baby, you have no idea," Sara managed. They both laughed.

Frankie pulled his still hard cock from Sara's exhausted pussy.

"I don't think I can last long enough to get you off Mindy."

"That's ok Frankie. Mom, want to suck him off?'

Sara was still half in a daze but she had a thought.

"No baby. Bring your cock up here and fuck my titties."

"Really?"

"You heard me." Sara pushed her large breasts together and Frankie sat on her and slid his cock between them. The juices from their fucking provided jut the right amount of lube. He began sliding his cock between them.

"Ohh, that's hot mom." Mindy bent forward to watch. Sara pulled her closer and Mindy began licking her nipples. 

"Lick me honey while he fucks me! Ohh yes, that's it."

The head of Frankie's cock would emerge from the valley of Sara's breasts as he thrust forward and Sara would lick it with her tongue each time. She could taste pussy juice and the thought that it was a combination of her own and Mindy's thrilled her to no end.

"Oh shit! I'm not going to last much longer," Frankie moaned.

"Cum on my titties Frankie! Shoot it off!"

"Fuck yes! Cum on my mother! Give it to her!" 

Frankie's face was beet red with exertion. He pumped his cock between her breasts three more time before he grabbed it and removed it from that juice slickened valley.

"Oh shit! Here it cums!"

"Jerk it Mindy!" Sara ordered. Mindy grabbed his cock, aimed it downward toward her mother's breasts and stroked it rapidly.

"Ahhhhhh!" Frankie moaned. His cock began gushing out loads of warm, thick cum.

His first spurt splashed against Sara's chin and rolled down the outside of her throat. Mindy adjusted her aim and shot after shot of cum splashed against Sara's breasts. His cum coated her nipples and rolled down her chest and tummy, some of it gathering in her navel. Mindy leaned forward and stuck out her little tongue and let a large splash run off her tongue and down her pretty pink lips, over her chin and then drip down unto her mother.

"Umm, yummy!" she giggled.

Sara was practically drenched in cum from her chin to her belly. Still Frankie managed to shoot off a couple more shots although with ever decreasing quantities. Finally he was drained. Sara pulled him forward and took his cock into her mouth, licking and sucking until she was sure that the well was totally dry. He then collapsed unto the bed beside her.

Mindy laughed. "God mom, you're covered in his cum."

"I know baby." She smiled at Mindy. "Suck it up!"

Mindy looked at her mother's cum drenched body.

"Ok," she said nonchalantly. She bent forward.

She began at her mother's navel where a large pool of cum had gathered. Her tongue flicked out to taste it and evidently satisfied, she opened her mouth and slurped it up. It took three slurps to get it all but finally she did. Her tongue then traced a path upwards, licking and sucking up all the tasty cum she could find. When she reached her mother's breasts she smiled and began licking the cum drenched nipples, taking each one into her mouth and slowly and lovingly licking and sucking until they were clean. She then moved to the rest of Sara's breasts, sometimes licking and sometimes slurping up whatever cum she could find. 

After a few more moments during which Mindy sought out every drop she could, Sara could stand it no longer. She pulled Mindy up to her and looked at her smiling face. Mindy's face was wet with cum. A glob hung from her nose and her lips were covered and as Mindy opened her mouth slightly, a stream of cum ran out down her lips and chin.

"Oops!" she giggled. She scooped the runaway cum with her hand and licked it back into her mouth. Sara smiled her approval. 

She pulled Mindy to her, their lips meeting, tentatively at first, but with conviction shortly after. Sara forced her tongue into Mindy's willing mouth and felt the cum stream from her daughter into her mouth. Mindy's tongue met hers and together they played with the warm cum that Mindy had not yet swallowed.

Sara's arm held Mindy firmly to her as their kisses continued. She then licked the cum from her daughter's chin and nose and fed it to her from her tongue. Mindy eagerly took it into her mouth and the gave it right back to her mother.

Sara laughed and then swallowed it, loving the feeling of the cum sliding down her throat. Sharing Frankie's load with her daughter was the most intense sexual feeling she had ever experienced.

She lay back on the bed, savoring the feelings that ran through her body. Later there would probably be remorse she knew, but now was not the time for that. One thing at a time.

"Wow! You two are incredible," Frankie laughed. Mindy had climbed down and was licking his cock clean. Giving it one last kiss she climbed back up and lay next to him.

"You liked that did you?" she joked.

"Oh man!" was the only answer he could manage.

Mindy suddenly sat up.

"I'm hungry believe it or not. Come on Frankie lets go out and get a pizza or something."

"Christ I'm exhausted Mindy."

"Honey," Sara said, "take some money from my purse and run down to that place on the corner. Get a large, you know how I like it. Please baby?"

"All right." A trace of annoyance had crept into her voice. She got dressed and Sara could hear the door slam shut as she left.

Sara looked over at Frankie who was still lying naked beside her.

"Come on baby, we both need a shower." She grabbed his hand and pulled him into the master bath with her. After adjusting the water she pulled him into the large, tiled stall with her. They took turns soaping each other up. Sara loved the feeling of his hands on her body.

Sara looked him in the eye. 

"Soap my pussy baby!" His hand was down there washing and caressing her and she felt herself becoming aroused again. His fingers probed her and she let put a little purr of contentment.

"Ohh that's nice!"

"God you are the hottest piece of ass that I've ever been with," Frankie laughed.

"I never liked that term 'piece of ass' much but considering that you've got your fingers up my cunt I guess I can't complain, can I?" 

Frankie began finger fucking her, riding his fingers in and out of her quickly and deeply. Sara leaned back against the tile wall and let the boy have full access to her. She felt wanton and nasty like she had never felt before. Evidently younger lovers appealed to her she thought.

It wasn't long before she felt another orgasm approaching.

"Oh fuck it Frankie! Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it!" She let out a scream as she climaxed, waves of sensual pleasure shooting through her body. She held on to Frankie for dear life as her body spasmed with pleasure. She took in short breaths of air as the world around her slowly seemed to return to normal.

"Oh my god that was wonderful." she managed. Frankie smiled and let his fingers slide out of her.

"Christ, you came so quick. That was amazing."

"You have no idea," she laughed. "Oh shit." She smiled at him.

"I'd rather that Mindy not know about this."

"Why? After what went on in ..."

"Never mind why. I just don't want her to know."

Frankie smiled.

"Whatever. But it's gonna cost you baby."

"Cost me? What..."

"I might want to see you again. With or without Mindy there."

"I'm not sure if that's a good idea. I..."

Before she could finish her sentence Frankie had pushed his tongue deep into her mouth. She felt herself responding involuntarily. His hands cupped her ass and pushed her tight against him. After a moment she pulled away.

"Maybe I... But Mindy can't know. Shit!"

"Relax baby. Mindy doesn't have to know anything. I'll give you all the cock you can handle, whenever you want it."

"Let's just get dressed all right? Mindy'll be back soon."

"Sure. Whatever you want."

They dressed mostly in silence. Sara felt doubts and remorse begin to push into her consciousness.

Great, now I've got this 20 year old boy to worry about. What if he blabs this to the wrong person. Or anyone for that matter. Plus, now Mindy has film with me fucking the two of them. Just wonderful, Sara thought. What else can I do to fuck things up? How did I let myself get so carried away?

All she knew for sure was that when it came to Mindy she had lost all control. It wasn't just that Mindy had incriminating evidence showing her doing all kinds of improper things. No, it went beyond that. What reasonable person would allow themselves to be dragged down to the level Sara now found herself at? Certainly, any normal person would never have let this happen. Up until a week ago Sara would have considered herself one of those reasonable people. And yet, here she was.

No, the cause of this went deeper than that. On some level, some deeply buried level she must have wanted this. She knew that sounded crazy on the face of it but the more she thought about it the more sense it made. From the moment she had first seen the tape of Mindy and her father together she had been a willing participant in this. She needn't even have bothered with the spy cam she had bought. Had she just confronted the two of them immediately, none of this would have happened. But she didn't. Instead she had been turned on by the sight of the two of them together. She had let things drag on until she found herself a prisoner of her own twisted desires. Now she had lost control of the situation entirely.

Now what'll I do?" she wondered? She had never felt so lost before.

begin The Camera Never Lies Ch. 04, Sara becomes an eager partner with her daughter.   

The Camera Never Lies Ch. 04, Sara becomes an eager partner with her daughter.   

four pages of incest.

The Camera Never Lies Ch. 04
bysmudgebucket©
Conclusion

Sara was home alone the next day, trying to make sense of her feelings. Once again she had lost control of herself sexually with her daughter. This time, however, was even worse. Not only had she participated in the sex with Mindy and Frankie but she had become the instigator at some point, taking control of the sex and getting what she had needed.

Christ, she thought, it was as if she was a schizophrenic or something. Everything on the rational side of her brain knew that what was happening was wrong. Then there was another part of her that loved it, that craved it almost. What was wrong with her, she wondered. I'm as sick as Mindy.

Her daughter, she realized was running around like some sex crazed slut, fucking everything in sight. Sara knew that there had been a time in her own life when sex had been the most important thing in the world to her but she had never fucked her own father and then brought her boyfriend home to share with her mother. My god, there had to be boundaries didn't there?

Her thoughts were disturbed by the sound of her doorbell. She had no idea who would be calling on anyone here in the middle of a weekday. Mindy was in school and Mark was at work. She would normally be gone but had taken a personal day to try and sort things out. For all the good that was doing her.

She looked out the window and was surprised to see Gina, Mindy's friend at the door. She opened the door wondering why she wasn't in school.

"Hi Gina." 

"Hey Mrs. J."

"Is everything all right? How come you're not in school honey?" 

"Actually I'm too upset to go to school. Is it ok if I come in?"

"Oh I'm sorry. Of course Gina come in."

Gina walked in and plopped down on the sofa. Sara couldn't help but notice the semi-slutty way Gina dressed. Short skirt, tight t-shirt with her nipples practically poking through and heels that made her look inches taller than she really was. Was that the way girls dressed now in high school? Sara suddenly felt older than she had five minutes ago.

"What's wrong Gina? Is everything all right with your family?" She sat down next to Gina on the couch.

"No Mrs. J. My family is the problem."

Sara knew Gina's mother slightly from mutual school events they had attended. A pretty redhead but very reserved with people she didn't know well. Gina's father she knew not at all. Obviously her brother Frankie was very familiar to her. She felt herself actually blushing at the thought of him.

"If there's any way I can be of help I'd be glad..."

'I'm not sure that you can help much Mrs. J. See, you're part of the problem."

"I'm part of the problem? What are you talking about?"

Gina leaned closer to Sara.

"Can I be like really honest with you?"

"Yes but I..."

Gina looked Sara right in the eyes and smiled.

"Did you fuck my brother?"

Sara blushed and involuntarily pulled back with a look of astonishment on her face.

"My god Gina where did you get an idea like that?"

"From Frankie. Oh I mean he didn't tell me that himself but I heard him talking about it. And don't bother asking who he was talking to, I won't tell."

Sara's mouth dropped open. For the moment she was speechless.

"Oh don't bother denying it Mrs. J. The truth is written all over your face."

"Gina I don't know how I can explain what..."

"Explain? What's to explain? My brother's way younger than you are and you're married too. What the hell Mrs. J?"

Sara was stunned and she was having a hard time putting a coherent sentence together at this point.

"I..."

"Do you know how much trouble you can get in for that? You're like a pedophile or something."

"No no..."

"Yes you are. I don't know what my mom will say if she finds out. She'll probably call the police or something."

Sara felt herself panicking.

"Gina no, please, that can't happen. Oh my god I don't believe this. Let me explain please."

Sara felt her whole world falling apart. In her despair she didn't notice how Gina was smiling at her, reveling in her discomfort.

'Well I don't know how we could keep this quiet Mrs. J. I could probably convince Frankie to keep his mouth shut I suppose but it would take some doing on my part."

Sara felt the slightest glimmer of hope.

"Do you think..."

'Ummm. Maybe."

'Please Gina. This could tear apart both of our families if it came out."

"Well if I agree to make Frankie keep his mouth shut you'd owe me a big favor wouldn't you?"

"Yes. Yes of course." She couldn't imagine what favor she could do for this girl in order to insure her silence but whatever it was she had no choice. It seemed like everyone was in control of her life except her these days.

"I don't know what I could do for you Gina but I'll do what I can to help."

Gina smiled. 

"I knew you would Mrs. J. Maybe you could help me out right now actually."

"I'm afraid I don't understand."

"Oh I think you'll figure it out soon enough." Gina slid over next to Sara on the couch. 

"Umm you've got such nice hair Mrs. J." She reached out and ran her fingers through Sara's hair.

"Gina, what...?"

"I love those earrings, mind if I take a closer look?" Gina leaned in to Sara, close enough so that Sara could feel Gina's breath on her earlobe. Her tongue flicked out and licked Sara's earlobe.

Sara jumped back in surprise.

"What in god's name do you think you're doing Gina?"

"What do you think I'm doing?" Her hand slid around Sara's neck and pulled her head towards her. Her lips just grazed Sara's before Sara again pulled back.

"Gina, stop that! What in the hell's gotten into you.?"

"Umm, nothing yet but hopefully your tongue's gonna be in me soon. Come on Mrs. J. Why don't we go upstairs and have some fun?"

"Gina, I don't know what makes you think that I would ever..."

"What makes me think that you would have sex with me? My brother's cock that you were sucking last night for one thing." She laughed. "You're going to do exactly what I tell you to do or else I'll make sure that everyone knows that you like screwing young boys."

"Your brother is no boy Gina, he's twenty years old."

"And you're what Mrs. J. almost forty or something? He's young to you and that's the way that everyone else will see it too." She leaned in closer to Sara.

"I don't give a shit if you fuck my brother every night Mrs. J. From what I hear he likes you. Well," she laughed, "your pussy anyway. Thing is, I want some of it too."

Sara jumped to her feet.

"My god Gina! The nerve of you! I want you to leave right now!"

Gina smiled and leaned back against the couch. She spread her legs apart and her short skirt rode up her legs exposing her panties. Her hand dropped down between her legs and began just lightly rubbing the thin material covering her pussy. She looked up at Sara.

"What's wrong Mrs. J.? Never been with a girl before? That's not what I hear. I hear that you like threesomes. Umm that feels good. Ohhh. I hear that you like cock and pussy all mixed together. Ohh shit I'm wet. I'm betting that deep down you'd like to eat some pussy right now."

Sara stared down at the young girl smiling up at her while she rubbed her pussy. She understood the implications of Gina's reference to threesomes. Somehow she knew about Mindy's involvement with her and Frankie the day before. Obviously her brother had blabbed the information and Gina had found out. Now Gina was holding all the cards much the same way that Mindy had the day before. Shit!

Gina could see the fight go out of Sara's expression. She knew she had her now. Whatever she wanted now, this woman would have no choice. She reached up and took Sara's hand and gently pulled her down unto the couch next to her.

"Relax. I'm not gonna bite you. At least not yet." She giggled.

"You're very pretty Sara. You don't mind if I call you Sara do you? Why don't we go upstairs to your bedroom? We can get all comfy there."

She pulled Sara to her and pressed her lips to Sara's. Her hot little tongue pushed into Sara's mouth and her hand slipped to Sara's breast.

Sara tried to protest but the girl was stronger than she looked and held her there. In spite of her misgivings she felt her nipple stiffen under Gina's touch. The girls tongue was so insistent that soon it found hers and the two swished together in her mouth.

Gina bounced to her feet and pulled Sara up as well.

"See. I knew you'd get in the mood. Come on, let's go up. Let's do it right on your bed."

Sara felt herself being pulled toward the stairs. She felt dazed and it almost seemed like she was floating above herself looking down on what was happening. Oh my god this can't be happening, she thought. Not again and not with this young girl.

Before she knew it she was being led into her bedroom. Gina giggled and threw herself unto the bed. She slid back against the pillows, spread her legs wide apart and wiggled her finger at Sara to join her.

"Come and get me Sara. Come on!"

Sara sat down on the edge of the bed. Her mind raced wildly trying to think of a way out. This was ridiculous. Some young girl just pops into her house and expects her to have sex with her? How in the hell did things ever get to this level of absurdity? She would never believe this if it wasn't happening to her right here right now. My god!

Gina crawled across the bed and stopped right behind Sara, her knees just touching the small of her back. She leaned in and began nibbling on Sara's earlobe. Her hands reached around and caressed Sara's breasts.

"Ohh Sara," she whispered in her ear, " your titties are so big. I can't wait to taste them."

Gina I don't think that I..."

"Don't think! Just kiss me." She turned Sara's head toward her and pressed her hot lips to Sara's. Her tongue again pushed into Sara's mouth, probing and tasting.

Once again, Sara felt herself responding involuntarily. Gina's hands seemed to know exactly how to arouse her. Her fingers pinched Sara's nipples, making them stand up at attention under her blouse. Her tongue found Sara's and soon hers responded in kind.

"Umm, that's nice. Come on baby, let's get some of these clothes off and get busy. I want you so bad." 

Gina's fingers began unbuttoning Sara's blouse, her tongue back in Sara's mouth. Several buttons later Sara felt her blouse sliding slowly off her shoulders.

"Umm, beautiful," Gina said, gently pushing Sara down onto her back. Sara hadn't worn a bra since she hadn't planned on leaving home that day. As soon as her back touched the bed Gina was next to her, licking and sucking Sara's nipples.

Despite her best intentions, Sara again felt herself losing control. An uncontrollable heat seemed to be spreading through her body. What this young girl lacked in technique she more than made up for in enthusiasm. She knew there would be no stopping now.

Gina slid her hand down between Sara's legs, her greedy fingers rubbing and probing Sara's crotch.

"Ohhhh," Sara moaned, " what are you doing to me?" her eyes were half closed with passion as her heat intensified.

"Just what you like Sara. Um, your pussy's wet already. Why don't we take these off?" She unhooked the clasp on Sara's slacks and slowly pulled down the zipper. Her hand slid inside and dipped right under the top of Sara's panties. Her fingers gently stroked Sara's pussy lips and one finger began sliding inside of her.

"Ohh Sara you nasty girl. You're all wet down there. You're as fucking horny as I am.

"Umm." Sara moaned as Gina's finger slid up inside of her. She spread her legs apart giving Gina better access to her. Her arm went around Gina's neck pulling her lips to her stiff nipples.

"Ohh, don't stop," she moaned. She felt Gina slide a second finger into her wet pussy and begin sliding them in and out. Gina's thumb found her clit and Sara thought she'd explode.

'Oh fuck," she cried out.

Gina quickly slid down between Sara's legs and pulled her slacks down her legs and off. Her tongue began licking the insides of Sara's thighs and then she pulled Sara's panties to one side, exposing her wet pussy.

"Umm you look good enough to eat," Gina giggled. She spread the lips of Sara's pussy apart with her left hand and bent forward. Her hot little tongue flicked out and found Sara's clit. Sara's whole body flinched at the touch, an action that just encouraged Gina even more. Not that she seemed to need much encouragement.

She buried her face in Sara's pussy and licked all of it. Her tongue probed that wet slit up and down it's length, seeking out every inch and crevasse she could reach. She sucked on the clit, loving the feel and taste on her lips. Her finger again slid inside Sara's pussy and she finger fucked her friend's mother at the same time she ate her out. Umm, so good she thought.

Sara was beside herself with pleasure. She spread her legs as wide as possible while at the same time holding Gina's head to her. She was no stranger to the pleasures that two women could give to each other but there was something delightful about being used by this young girl. She felt hot and nasty at the same time in a way that she hadn't in a long time.

"Ohh, fucking eat it Gina! Suck it! Ohh, that's it! Just like that!"

Gina was doing just that. She tongue fucked Sara's pussy, sliding her tongue rapidly in and out. Her fingers held Sara's lips apart so that she could push her tongue even deeper. Then she would stop for a moment and suck on her clit.

"Umm you taste good," Gina moaned.

"Oh baby, I want to do you too," Sara said. Quickly Gina shifted positions on the bed and lowered her hips over Sara's face. She had not even taken the time to undress so Sara pushed her tight skirt up and over her ass. She saw that Gina was wearing tight pink panties that fit so snugly that the outline of her pussy was revealed in a lovely camel toe.

Sara leaned forward and pressed her face against the girl's panties, savoring the smell of her excitement. Her tongue flicked out and licked Gina's pussy right through her wet panties.

Gina giggled. "Ooh, that's nice!"

Sara put her mouth right up against Gina's panties. She could taste the wetness seeping through the thin layer of cotton. She licked it trying to draw the juice right through the material. Slowly then, she reached out and slid Gina's panties to the side, exposing the young girl's pussy. Gina's lips were parted and Sara could see her wetness almost dripping out.

Her tongue slid out and licked around the exposed lips at first, wanting to experience all of her. Gina moaned with pleasure and doubled her efforts on Sara's wet, dripping cunt. Finally, Sara could wait no longer and as she spread the lips apart with her fingers, her tongue eagerly darted into Gina's pussy.

It had been several years since Sara had been with another woman and she had forgotten how much she enjoyed it. The taste and smell and tactile sensation of another pussy was intoxicating. She gave herself up to it entirely. Her arms reached up and grasped Gina's ass, pulling her even tighter to her.

"Oh that's it Sara! Right there! Ohhh...fucking suck it for me!"

That's exactly what Sara had in mind. Her tongue pistoned in and out of Gina's wet pussy, savoring the juices that dripped out of her. Her pussy smelled so fresh and wonderful and she tasted so good that Sara never wanted to stop.

They continued their lovemaking for countless minutes, the only sounds in the room were those of their moaning and the slurping of each others pussies. Gina was the first to reach orgasm as Sara's tongue and lips expertly brought her to the point of release several times before finally pushing her over the edge. She felt Gina's body tense as the wave of release hit her.

"Oh my god Sara..oh fuck...oh shit...ohhhhh ohhhhh!"

Sara felt Gina shudder with pleasure as her greedy mouth and tongue continued to service the young girl. Her lips and cheeks were covered in Gina's juices and Sara eagerly sought out more, wanting to drown herself in it. Gina's body shook uncontrollably several times and then she lay almost limply on top of Sara, her mouth still on Sara's pussy.

Sara's tongue slowly and gently continued to lick the girl's pussy as Gina slowly emerged from her orgasmic meltdown.

"Oh my god that was..." She paused searching for the right word. "Unfuckingbeliveable!"

"Umm," Sara moaned, her own needs still unfulfilled. She gently pushed Gina down unto her back and then lowered herself in a sitting position gently unto the girl's chest. She spread her pussy apart for the girl and lowered herself unto Gina's face.

"Eat it baby! Make me cum!"

"Oh yummy" Gina giggled as she began doing just that. Her tongue pushed into Sara's pussy once more and she licked and sucked for all she was worth. Sara was almost bouncing up and down in time to Gina's tongue fucking.

"Oh yesss. that's it! Tongue fuck me baby! Oh fuck yess! Do it!"

It didn't take long. Soon Sara felt her body begin to quiver as a wave of intense pleasure radiated from her pussy outward. A moment later her body almost exploded as she came.

It would be an exaggeration to say that she saw stars exploding but Sara did have one of the most intense orgasms that she could remember ever having. The light in the room seemed to almost change colors as her body sent wave after wave of pleasure shooting to seemingly every nerve of her body. She let out a primal scream so loud and so intense that Gina almost stopped her tongue fucking . Almost...

When she could stand no more she pulled herself from Gina's eager mouth and threw herself unto the other side of the bed and laid there trying to control her breathing. It was several minutes before her body stopped convulsing and her breathing returned to normal.

Gina propped herself up on her elbow and smiled.

"I bet everybody on the block knows you just came Mrs. J. That was wild."

"Oh that scream. I don't know where that came from. Sorry."

"Don't be sorry. That was hot." She leaned over and kissed Sara. "And you taste so good. Ummm, you taste better than....." Gina stopped midsentence.

"Better than who?"

"Oh nothing, I..."

"Were you going to say Mindy?'

"I...well maybe."

"You two have been together I take it?"

"Yeah, sure Mrs. J. It's no big deal."

"No big deal? You're telling me that you're sleeping with my daughter and that's no big deal?"

"Don't be such a hypocrite Sara. I know more than what you might think about the two of you."

"Let me tell you something young lady. I have never had sex with my daughter. Never!"

Gina burst out laughing.

"Oh please! Like you didn't share my brother in this same bed yesterday. Like you didn't fuck him raw and then suck him off together. Yeah right!"

Sara once again was stunned. While it was technically true that she had not had sex directly with Mindy it was true that they had sex with the same boy at the same time. It was also true that the biggest turn on of all for her was when Mindy had kissed her. Shit!!

Gina laughed again.

"Relax Mrs. J. Nobody's gonna find out. Not from me anyway." She kissed Sara again. "As long as I'm getting my share of this pussy, your secret's safe with me." Her hand slipped down between Sara's legs."

"Now come on. I want some more and then I've gotta get back to school. Got a history test at two I can't miss."

The rest of the morning was a blur. After another bout of sex, the girl had dressed and left for school. Sara was alone with her thoughts.

Great, just fucking great she thought sarcastically. Who's going to walk in the door next and demand sex with her, she wondered. The mailman? How about one of Mindy's teachers? For that matter why didn't Mindy just put up a billboard on Main Street telling everyone that they could come over and fuck her mother as long as they didn't tell anyone about it. Christ!

Still... She could taste Gina on her lips and tongue. That girl sure knew how to eat pussy, that was certain and Sara had enjoyed returning the favor. A part of her wished the girl hadn't left so soon. The afternoon ahead could have been filled with...


Sara shook the thought from her mind. Enough already! She arose from the bed and headed for the shower when from the corner of her eye she noticed the spy cam still sitting in the bookcase.

Sara couldn't remember if she had ever turned the damn thing off the last time she had used it to spy on her husband and daughter. She realized that if it was still on that her encounter with Gina would have been taped. better erase that whole thing she thought.

She could have erased it right there but something made her plug it in to the computer so that see could see the contents before she got rid of it. Maybe, she thought, she just wanted to watch as Gina brought her to climax again and again with that talented tongue of hers. She laughed at the thought even as its inappropriateness pricked at her conscience.

Sara downloaded the contents of the camera unto the computer and after erasing the camera's hard drive, clicked on the file. Realizing that her encounter with Gina would be at the end of the file she pushed the fast forward control and watched as various scenes of her and/or Mark walking past the camera whizzed by.

Sara stretched languidly in her chair, her still erect nipples tingling with the memory of Gina's hot lips on them. That had been fun she thought, giggling like a teenager herself before her wavering conscience caught itself. It had been wrong she reminded herself although she knew she didn't really mean it.

Suddenly something on the tape caught her eye. Since it was still in fast forward mode it was unclear but it looked for a moment like several people were on the tape. What the hell?, she wondered, and clicked on the stop icon and then the play tab. Her mouth dropped open with surprise and she muttered, "what the fuck?"

At this point Sara had thought that nothing could have surprised her anymore after the past few days but even she was surprised to see her husband Mark in the bedroom with both Mindy and Gina. Mark was standing next to the bed, dressed only in his under shorts which were tented out by his erect cock. Mindy was lying on the bed, her fingers lightly stroking his erection. Gina was kneeling on the bed, nibbling on Mark's ear and stroking his chest. Sara could see that Gina was talking to Mark so she turned the sound all the way up to listen.

"See Mr. J. I knew you wouldn't be mad at Mindy for telling me your little secret. Umm, I think it's so yummy that you and her do it together. So hot! We're best friends and we share everything." She leaned forward and took Mark's earlobe in her mouth and gently chewed on it.

Mindy giggled.

"Gina's been wanting to do this ever since she found out." She leaned forward and kissed the head of her father's cock through his under shorts.

"Ohh, that's nice. Don't you just love watching your daughter kiss your hard cock Mr. J?"

"I just can't believe this is happening, I..."

"Believe it Mr. J. We're gonna have lots of nice hot fun together." She giggled.

"Don't mind her daddy. Gina likes to talk a lot." Her tongue traced the outline of his cock over the length of his shorts. 

"Umm you smell so good daddy. I just want to eat you all up."

"Oh yeah! I can't wait to watch her suck your cock Mr. J. Would you like your little girl to do that?"

"Yes...yes yes yes!"

"Umm, I thought so. Ohh let's see it."

On cue, Mindy reached up and grasped the sides of her father's shorts. Slowly, ever so slowly she slid them down over his hips. The material caught on the head of his straining cock and Gina reached down and lifted the material up and off of him. His cock, now free of the restraints of his shorts sprang to full attention.

"Oh Mr. J. You have such a nice cock!"

"See, I told you!" Mindy said proudly. She bent forward and kissed the head.

"Ohhh," Mark murmured.

"He likes that! Kiss it again Min!" Mindy again leaned forward and this time gave it a long, wet kiss.

In her chair Sara watched with disbelief. Perhaps she shouldn't have been surprised given everything that had transpired over the last few days but this seemed extreme even for Mindy.

Gina giggled. "Lick it Min. Lick your daddy's cock."

On cue Mindy's pink little tongue darted out and licked the head of her father's cock. Up and down and all around the head and then down the length of it's shaft and back up again. Gina reached down and stroked his balls as Mindy licked him.

"Oh that's hot! Suck it Min!" 

Mindy smiled and slowly let her fathers cock slide across her lips and into her mouth. Her tongue swished around the underside of the head as her lips tightened on it and slowly slid up and down its length.

In her chair, Sara's breathing was becoming more shallow and rapid and once again she felt an intense warmth spread through her body. She knew it was wrong but she just couldn't help herself. The sight of her daughter sucking her fathers cock was turning her on again. She slid her hand down to her pussy and began to caress herself.

On screen, Gina had reached down and grabbed Mark's cock and was stroking it, feeding it into Mindy's mouth.

"Umm, that looks so good! Mind if I try it?" She bent forward and reluctantly Mindy let Gina pull her fathers cock out of her mouth. Gina stroked it for a moment and then slid it into her mouth. Mark moaned with pleasure while Gina's talented lips and tongue went to work on him.

Mindy giggled. "Like that daddy?" She bent forward and licked his balls while Gina sucked him. Mark reached down and held both girls heads lightly.

Sara's fingers were in her pussy now as she watched. The warmth that she had felt was becoming red hot heat now as passion spread through her body like an uncontrollable virus. She understood for the first time the pleasure that some people took in watching pornographic movies although this was not some movie with actors playing a part. This was her daughter and her husband. Sara realized now that that was what made it so hot for her. She was no different then they were and in fact she wished that she could be there with them. This sudden realization was something that she had been denying before but now was crystal clear to her. She knew that she would have to deal with these feelings later but right now she was caught up in the scene on her computer screen.

Mindy and Gina were taking turns sucking Mark's cock. First one would suck it, their lips and mouth working frantically on it and then the other girl would tire of waiting and pull it from the other's mouth and slide it into their own.

Mindy smiled up at her father. 

"Daddy, we want to eat your cum. You can fuck us later if you want but right now we're hungry for it!"

Gina let his cock slide out of her mouth.

"Yeah Mr. J. Mindy says you taste sooo good. I want to see for myself." She slurped his cock back into her greedy mouth and her head bobbed up and down it's length.

"Ohhh, fuck her mouth daddy!"

Mark was doing just that. His hands held Gina's head still and he pumped his hips quickly back and forth, his cock treating her mouth just as if it were a pussy. For her part, Gina accepted his cock eagerly. Rivulets of saliva dropped from the corner of her mouth and hung from her chin. The slurping sounds of his cock in her wet mouth filled the room.

"Now me daddy! Do me!" Mindy lay on the bed with her head hanging over the edge and Mark shifted positions so that he was standing over his daughter, his wet dripping cock just inches from her mouth. Mindy leaned up and slurped up the saliva that dripped from the tip and then guided it into her mouth. Mark once again began pumping his hips and riding his hard cock in and out.

"Oh my god that's sooo hot!" Gina moaned. She moved on the bed and leaned forward to get a closer look at Mark's cock fucking his daughter's mouth. Her hand slid down between Mindy's legs and she slipped a finger up into Mindy's wet pussy. Mindy moaned with pleasure.

Every few seconds Mark would slide his cock out of Mindy's mouth and into Gina's. Then after a few quick slurps, back into Mindy. Gina continued finger fucking Mindy rapidly, pausing only for a few seconds to taste Mindy's juices from her fingers. Then back into her pussy they would go.

"Oh god! Oh shit! I'm getting close girls."

"Yeah? Come on Mr. J! Give it to us. We want a nice big load."

Mark was straining now. At her desk Sara could see the veins in his neck practically popping out and his muscles tighten up.

"Feed it to us daddy!" Mindy cried out as she pulled his cock from her mouth. "Cum all over us!"

Mark grabbed his cock and stroked it only a time or two before he came. "Ohhh," he screamed. The first shot hit Gina's right cheek and her tongue darted out of her mouth to try and reach it. She didn't have to worry about that long as his next shot went right into her little pink mouth.

"Gimme some!" Mindy cried out and pulled her father's cock into her mouth. His hot cum splashed against the back of her throat and she swallowed greedily, loving the smell and taste of it.

But Gina wanted more. She pulled Mark's cock out of Mindy's mouth just as another large blast of cum shot out. This time she caught it on her tongue and then shoved it back into her mouth. Mark pulled his cock away from Gina and then stroked it, guiding it back and forth between the two girls open mouths. Shot after shot of warm cum burst from him as if a dam somewhere inside had been breeched. Both girls received blast after blast from him, seemingly without end.

"Ohh god, this is fucking incredible!" Gina moaned as she watched Mark shoot another blast into Mindy's eager mouth.

But all good things must eventually end. Finally Mark had finished as the well ran dry. He collapsed unto the bed on his back and looked wearily at the girls. Both girls faces were covered in his cum. The used their fingers to scoop up as much as they could and feed it to each other. When they had cleaned up as much as they could with their fingers, they licked each other's faces, not wanting to miss any. Finally their tongues met and they kissed passionately, traces of Mark's cum swapped back and forth playfully. Finally they too fell back on the bed.

"Oh daddy! Whew! That was soo good!"

Gina was giggling. "Mindy was right. You do taste good. Umm, so yummy!"

"See! I told you!" She laughed.

"Min, I wanna fuck him later. My pussy is so wet."

"I can see that," Mindy laughed as she reached down and stroked Gina's pussy lips lightly. Her fingers gently pulled Gina's lips apart and she smiled at her daddy.

"Daddy, want to fuck this?"

"There's no way I can do anything else for a while girls. I'm sorry but the equipment needs a rest."

Mindy smiled at Gina. "Umm maybe we can help speed things up a bit." She reached out and......

Suddenly the tape ended. The screen went blank and Sara could hear the camcorder start to rewind. Shit!

She had been so close to cumming. She tried to continue masturbating but the shock of the picture ending had killed the mood. It had seemed like she had been right there with them and suddenly she was back here in reality all alone. Reluctantly she pulled her fingers from her still wet pussy, licked them clean and then got up. She replaced the spy cam in it's normal location and took a long cold shower.

The cold shower seemed to revive her moral side. By the time she had toweled off and gotten dressed she was once again miserable with guilt. She knew that she was just as guilty as anyone for what was going on in her family. Maybe she hadn't started things but she had allowed them to continue and even had participated. My god, what had she been thinking?

This incest, this perversion had even spread to another family now. Gina and Frankie, whatever level of blame they deserved, were still young and needed help. While it was true that she was not responsible for them, Sara felt that she would have to take the first step to see that they got the help they needed. After thinking about it for some time, Sara could see no alternative except one. She would have to go to their mother and explain what had happened. God knows, she would be furious and might even do something unpleasant but she probably wouldn't run to any authorities with the information because that would put her children in the public eye as well as Sara and Mark. No responsible parent would want their children publicly humiliated like that. Shit! There were no good choices here.

Still, it was a dangerous situation. Sara didn't know Gina and Frankie's mother hardly at all, having just met her briefly at school during parents meetings once or twice. She remembered her as a conservatively dressed and reserved woman with red hair. That was all. She remembered that Mindy had mentioned that she was divorced and had practically raised her children alone. Not much to go on there as to how she might react. Shit!

Sara had the phone number in her book because Mindy seemed to spend half her time over there so it was written down in case of an emergency. Sara took a deep breath and dialed the number.

If Frankie or Mindy had answered she might have hung up but luckily their mom answered. After introducing herself Sara asked if they might meet that evening concerning a mutual problem. Mindy's mom seemed confused about any mutual problem but Sara insisted that it was best if they discussed in in person. After a brief conversation they both agreed that they would meet at 7:00 pm. As Sara hung up, the gravity of the upcoming meeting almost overwhelmed her and she lowered her head and muttered 'Oh my god!"

The rest of the day seemed to drag on forever. Sara busied herself with mundane tasks around the house. She fed Mark dinner and then informed him that she had to go out for a while. Mindy was in her room doing homework for once. Sara wondered if this was the last "normal" night that her family would ever spend together. So much depended on this meeting that Sara almost called to say the whole thing had been a simple misunderstanding, but something shored up her courage at the last minute and she resolved to see it through.

She drove to Mindy's house and parked on the street outside the driveway. She took several deep breaths and walked up to the porch and rang the doorbell.

She didn't know what to expect but when Mindy's mom opened the door Sara felt herself somewhat surprised. In place of the buttoned up, conservatively dressed businesswoman she had expected, Donna Evans appeared with her shoulder length red hair down instead of in the tight bun Sara had expected. She wore a t-shirt and shorts and a pair of flip flops and looked like she was ready to head for the beach. Of course, Sara reasoned, she's at home not at work. Why had she thought that she would dress any way else?

After the introductions Donna led Sara into her living room and they sat down. Sara refused Donna's offer of anything to drink but Donna poured herself a glass of wine and sat down opposite Sara on the couch.

Under more normal conditions Sara might have taken a moment to admire the tasteful way Donna had decorated her home. She might also have admired Donna's lean, tanned body and the way that her breasts pushed against the confines of her t-shirt. Not to mention her gorgeous face and full lips. This hardly seemed like the woman Sara had met briefly at school but considering the weight of what she had to say, Sara took notice of none of these things. She stared at the floor and tried to find some way to begin her story. Her throat was dry and she was speechless.

"Sara, whatever it is that's bothering you, I'm sure we can deal with it. Take a deep breath and just say what it is that you need to tell me. Can it really be that bad?"

"I'm afraid...yes it is that bad." She raised her eyes to meet Donna's.

"You son Frankie and I...we, that is...," she stammered.

"What about my son? Tell me!" Donna's eyes seemed to stare a hole into Sara's brain. Sara felt herself getting red with embarrassment.

"My god, I never planned for anything to happen, you have to understand. Things just got...well out of control."

"Sara, I don't like where this is going! Now start at the beginning and tell me what the fuck is going on here!"

Maybe it was the force of the way that Donna had spoken to her but Sara felt all her resolve crumble in a metaphorical pile of ashes. Staring at the floor she let the whole story out. Everything, from the time she had first bought the spy cam to this afternoons discovery of the sex romp between Mindy, Gina and Mark. She did not leave her own involvement out nor did she try to make any excuses for her own behavior. As she finished her story she finally found the nerve to raise her eyes and look at Donna.

Donna looked horrified She started to speak but stopped to gather herself together. Finally she pointed a finger at Sara.

"You stay right where you are you fucking whore! Don't you move a goddamned muscle!" Sara was stunned and more that just a little scared.

Donna walked over to the bottom of the stairs. She yelled up the hallway.

"Frankie! Get down here right now!"

A voice Sara recognized as Frankie's answered.

'Mom, I'm right in the middle of..."

"I said NOW goddamn it!"

A moment later Frankie came bounding down the stairs.

"Christ mom, I'm just..." he stopped in mid sentence when he saw Sara on the couch.''

"Oh, hello Mrs. J." he offered tentatively. Sara just looked dejectedly at the floor and didn't answer.

"Frankie, I want a straight answer from you. None of your usual bullshit hemming and hawing. Do I make myself clear?"

"Uh yeah mom, ok." He looked puzzled.

"Have you been playing around with this woman?" She pointed in the general direction of Sara, an unnecessary gesture since she was the only other person in the room.

Frankie looked surprised.

"Playing around? I ..."

"Fucking her for christs sake. Do I have to spell it out for you?" She glanced over at Sara.

"This...this woman claims that she has been fucking you and that her very own daughter has been involved too. At the same goddamned time! Now what the hell has been going on here?"

"Well yeah I did. But only once mom. It was Mindy's idea."

"So it's true then?"

"Yeah but it wasn't like we forced her or anything. Shit she was more than willing. Hell she practically took over once we started."

Donna stood there quietly for a moment, her fists clenched into tight balls. Finally after seemingly regaining control of herself she turned to Sara.

"Why you perverted bitch! You took over? You allowed my son to fuck you? I bet you loved every second of it didn't you? And to top it off you let your own daughter join in? What kind of a sick..."

"Please let me explain.."

"Explain my ass, You belong in jail for this. Do you have any idea, the trouble you're in for? Not to mention that husband of yours, from what you've told me. Jesus Christ, he's fucking his own daughter? And now you're dragging my daughter Gina into this too, Shit!

I think jail's too good for you, You're a fucking low life whore?"

I think jail's too good for you. You're a fucking low life whore Sara, do you know that?"

Tears were rolling down Sara's cheeks now.

"Oh God, I'm so sorry."

Donna looked at Sara crying and gradually her fists unclenched. If Sara hadn't been crying and bowing her head in disgrace she might have noticed just the faintest trace of a smile appear on Donna's face. She might have seen Donna motion to Frankie to walk over to where Sara was sitting on the edge of the couch.

"Show me Frankie."

Mom?"

"Show me what that woman made you do to her."

Right now?"

"You heard me goddamn it, Show me what she made you do that day."

Sara felt like she was awaking from one dream and going into another.

"What, she managed weakly.

"Listen up you bitch, Before I decide what to do about this I need to know exactly what you did to my son. I can have you put into prison and your reputation ruined forever, Do you understand that?"


"Yes, but.."

"But nothing! I'm going to have my son show me exactly what you made him do to you. If I hear one peep of protest out of you I'll be on that phone and you'll be having dinner in a fucking orange jumpsuit tonight. Do I make myself clear?"

Sara's mind was in a fog but she saw one thing clearly. No matter what happened, she was no longer in control of her own life. She had given up that control that first time she had let her daughter have sex with her and Mark. From that point on she had been a pawn, being used by everyone else for their pleasure. And now this.

Donna smiled and with her arm around Frankie's shoulder, gently guided him closed to where Sara sat.

"Come on honey, show mommy what this woman did to you."

"Well, Mindy had me get undressed and get in her bed. Then she brought her mother in."

"Then what honey?"

"Then they took turns going down on me."

"You mean sucking your cock?"

"Yeah mom." 

"Show me baby. Take it out of your pants. I want to see exactly what she did."

Sara started to get to her feet but Donna pushed her back down unto the couch.

"Where do you think you're going Sara? Didn't I make myself clear to you before? You're going to do exactly what I tell you to do and if you walk away I get on the phone to the police. Is that too fucking hard for you to understand?"

"No but you can't really ..."

"Yes I can bitch. I can do exactly what I want and you're in no position to argue. Now help my son get his pants off."

"My god," Sara moaned. She could feel the tears trickling down her cheeks. She had never felt as helpless as she did now but once again she saw no alternative. She couldn't let this woman call the police or anyone else. Her entire life seemingly hung in the balance.

Tentatively, she reached out and undid the clasp on Frankie's pants. His hips were thrust forward so that his crotch was just inches from her face. She pulled down his zipper and Frankie pulled his pants down to his ankles.

Frankie's cock was becoming erect inside his under shorts. Sara could clearly see it pressing against the thin, white material. In fact she was so close to it that she could smell him, the scent of his awakening manhood seemed to fill her nostrils.

Donna dropped to her knees beside her son, her eyes never leaving his growing erection.

"Oh Sara. Look what you're doing to my boy. You're getting him all excited."

"Yeah mom! Make her touch me."

"You heard him Sara. Touch him!"

"Please! Can't we just talk..."

Donna suddenly reached out and grabbed Sara's hair, pulling her head back and staring into her eyes.

"Goddamn it! I said touch my son's cock. Now fucking do it!"

Sara gently reached out and began caressing his cock. She felt it twitch in her fingers as it continued to grow.

"Rub his balls too Sara."

Sara's other hand reached up and lightly took his balls in the palm of her hand.

"How's that feel baby? Is that the way that she did it before?"

"Yeah but I didn't have any underwear on then."

"Hmm. Ok. Sara, pull his undies off."

Sniffling, Sara reached out to Frankie's side and slowly slid his under shorts down. Released from it's confines, Frankie's cock, now almost fully erect sprang forward and brushed lightly against Sara's nose. The man smell of him was almost overwhelming to Sara now. Her head was swimming with conflicting feelings and sensations. Fear certainly, and shame too but also a growing sense of that familiar warmth slowly spreading through her body. Oh god she thought to herself, this can't be happening to her again could it? There was no way that she could be enjoying this humiliation. Or...

"Well don't be shy Sara. Stroke it for him. Do it the way you and that slut daughter of yours did it the other day."

"You leave Mindy out of this. She's not a slut!"

Donna laughed out loud.

"Good one Sara. She's fucking her own father and mother, she's spending half her time over here blowing my son, she's eating my daughters pussy when she's not doing that and you don't call that a slut? Ha! Now start stroking my son's cock and stop wasting time."

Something inside of Sara started to crack at this point. Some part of her that had been unable or unwilling to see the truth about everything that had been happening over the past weeks. What Donna had said was true, there was no way of getting around it. Not only was Mindy a total slut but so was she for letting things get to this point. Worst of all, everyone else seemed to be having the time of their lives. Mindy, Sara's husband Mark, Gina and Frankie were fucking and sucking like bunnies in heat. The only person not enjoying this situation was her. And now Donna...

Her hand reached out and grasped Frankie's cock. She began slowly to stroke it, her touch light, fingers stopping at the head to caress. His cock felt wonderful in her hand she realized and the fact that his mother was making her do this made it all the more exciting.

"How's that feel baby?"

"Good mom. Do you think you could get her to..you know..kiss it?"

"Oh baby, you want mommy to make this bad woman kiss your cock?"

"Please mom?"

Donna smiled. " You heard him Sara. Kiss it!"

Sara bent forward and lightly pressed her full lips against the head of Frankie's cock. Again her nostrils filled with the smell of him. She felt lightheaded, but in some way it was a good light headedness.

"Taste good Sara?"

"Mhmm," she managed, her lips still pressed against his cock head.

"Does that feel good honey? Her lips on your cock feel good?"

"Yeah, mom! Now do you think that she could put it in her mouth?"

"Oh honey you want to slide your cock right between those lips and into her mouth? I think we can do that. Open up Sara, my boy wants his cock in your mouth."

A voice in Sara's head answered that that was exactly what she wanted too. Her lips parted and Frankie slid his hard cock into her mouth. His hands reached out and gently held the side of her head.

"Ohhhh," Frankie moaned. "Shit!"

Donna smiled . "Feel good baby?"

"Oh, fuck yeah mom!"

"Is this how her and Mindy did it baby?"

"Ohh! Yeah mom. Except Mindy did it too."

"Well baby Mindy's not here." A smile of a different kind appeared on her face. A smile of passion.

"If you like honey, mommy could pretend that she was Mindy. Then you could really show me what happened that day."

"Oh mom, that would be so good."

"Yeah?" Donna reached out and began stroking her son's cock which was still nestled firmly in Sara's mouth.

"Now suck it Sara! Suck his cock good!" Her hand stroked Frankie's cock while Sara's mouth began sliding up and down him. Frankie arched his back and thrust his cock forward in her mouth. Sara accepted his length gladly.

"Oh Sara, has anyone ever told you how good you look with a dick in your mouth? Ohh, slurp on it baby!"

Donna watched Sara suck her son's cock for a moment and then she pulled it from Sara's mouth. Frankie's cock was soaked with Sara's saliva and seemed to glisten. 

"Umm, that's nice but let me show you how my son likes it sucked." She bent forward and Sara watched with amazement as Donna slipped her son's cock into her mouth.

My god, the whole world's gone crazy she thought. Are there no limits anymore? What were the odds that this could happen in two families living so close to each other? This kind of thing only happened in fuck books or porn movies, not in real life. But this was real and this was happening right now.

Donna gobbled her son's cock. Her hand worked furiously on it's length as her lips and tongue slid up and down it's head. Frankie threw back his head and moaned.

"Oh fuck mom, suck it!" he thrust his hips forward and back, using her mouth as a pussy.

"Jesus," Sara mumbled. Never in her life had she seen a cock sucked so furiously. Donna's head rocked wildly from side to side as her son fucked her wet mouth. Her tongue washed over the head with each thrust. Drops of saliva ran out of her mouth and down her chin.

After a moment she broke away, pulling his cock from her mouth. Her eyes, wild with passion stared at Sara.

"Now that's how to suck his cock Sara. Fucking do it!"

Sara again took his cock into her mouth. This time she began sucking faster, her mouth racing up and down it's length. She could taste Donna's saliva dripping into her mouth and joining her own. Her hand grasped the base and stroked it as her lips sucked wildly up and down.

"Yeah that's it Sara. Eat that cock!" Donna's hands dropped to Sara's breasts and began roughly caressing them, her fingers pinching and probing. She found Sara's nipples and began rolling her thumbs over them, feeling how erect they were already. Sara moaned with pleasure.

"Mom, can I fuck her now?"

"Sure baby but give mommy another taste of your cock first." She pulled his cock from Sara's mouth and slid it back into her own. Sara dropped to her knees in front of him and began licking his balls. She could see just inches from her face Donna sucking his cock. It turned Sara on even more. Saliva dripped from Donna's mouth and hung from Frankie's cock, suspended in midair. Sara arched her head upwards and slurped the saliva into her mouth.

Donna took Frankie's cock out of her mouth for a moment.

"Get your clothes off Sara, my son wants to fuck you!"

Sara stood up and practically ripped her clothes off, leaving them in a pile on the floor. She sat back on the couch, spread her legs wide open and began fingering her already dripping pussy. She watched Donna sucking his cock.

Donna looked up and saw Sara rubbing and fingering herself.

"Horny bitch aren't you? Wanna fuck that pussy baby?"

"Fuck yes mom!"

Her hand still stroking her son's cock, Donna crawled over to where Sara reclined, her grip bringing Frankie with her. Looking up at him she laughed.

"Gotta prime her a bit first baby." She leaned down and slowly licked up the inside of Sara's thigh. When she got to within inches of Sara's wet pussy her tongue flicked out and licked Sara's wet fingers that she had been using on herself. She tasted Sara's juicy finger and then smiled up at her.

"Umm, that tastes sooo good Sara. That is some Grade A cunt if I do say so myself." She bent forward and licked Sara's slit from top to bottom and then buried her face in it. Her tongue slid up inside Sara, probing and tasting. She took her clit gently into her lips and sucked on it. Then she began tongue fucking her, her fingers spreading Sara wide open.

Sara threw her head back.

"Ohh my god," she moaned. Her passion was at a fever pitch as Donna sucked and licked her. She felt like her head might explode but if it did it would be from too much heat, hot pleasurable heat.

"Come on mom, let me fuck her, will ya?"

Donna gave her one last long lick and then looked up at Sara.

"Kids. So fucking impatient. All right Frankie bring that cock over here."

Frankie walked over to where his mother was on her knees. Giving his cock one last loving suck, she directed Sara to lie down and Frankie to mount her. Sara spread her legs open and Frankie climbed between them. Reaching down between her son's legs, Donna grasped his cock and slowly guided it into Sara's wet pussy. It slid in slowly but surely and soon Sara had gobbled up it's full length.

'Ohh fuck!" Frankie moaned with pleasure.

Donna crawled over to Sara and pushed her tongue into her mouth. Sara's tongue met hers and they kissed passionately as Frankie slowly began fucking her. Donna broke the kiss.

"That's right Frankie, fuck her. Shove that cock all the way up inside of her. Fuck her good." She looked down at Sara.

"Feel good Sara? You're such a nasty bitch fucking this young boy right in front of his mother. You like it don't you?"

"Ohh yes. Yes! I love being nasty with you. Ohh, just like that Frankie. Fuck me baby! Fuck me harder."

Sara knew that there was never going to be any going back now. Whatever it was that had been holding her back before was gone now. The sensation of something inside of her head breaking that she had felt earlier was gone. In it's place was unbridled lust now, no sense of morality or disgust remained. She wanted to be fucked and sucked and she didn't care who did it.

"Sit on my face Donna! I wanna eat your pussy."

"Ohh, you are nasty Sara. I love it!" She swung her hips around Sara's head and settled down on her face. She felt Sara's tongue slide up inside of her and her lips close on her clit.

"Eat it baby! Eat that pussy while my son fucks you!"

Sara set about doing just that. Her tongue and lips went to work on Donna with a passion that she had not felt for years. She licked and sucked for all she was worth. If she could have swallowed that pussy she would have. Her brain made no distinction between herself and Donna at this point. They were joined together in an unholy union and Frankie's cock in her made it even better. She felt they were one, strange as that sounds.

Donna and Frankie leaned forward and kissed, their tongues in each others mouth. Sara glimpsed their kiss and smiled. That was wonderful! Hot and sexy!

Frankie was fucking her hard now, his cock pistoning in and out of her. Sara's heels dug into his butt cheeks holding him tight to her.

"Oh shit mom, I'm getting close. Gonna cum soon."

"Did Mindy make you cum in her last time baby?"

"No mom, they had me cum all over her tits."

"Ohh, nice! Well you better cum on them again baby. I need to see it."

"Mom?"

"Yeah baby?"

"Then Mindy licked it all up and fed it to her."

"Fed it to her? You mean Mindy and her mother ate your cum all up?"

"Oh god, yes, I'm so close now mom."

"Well there's a girl after my own heart. Show me baby! Cum all over her titties honey!"

Frankie was getting all red in the face, a look his mother knew only too well. He let out a moan, pumped Sara's pussy once or twice more and pulled his cock out of her. Donna reached down and grasped his cock and directed it upward. Suddenly his cock erupted. Stream after stream of cum gushed out of him. Donna directed the flow unto Sara's chest, covering her nipples and chest with sticky warm cum. Rivers of it flowed down her breasts and pooled on her stomach and in her navel.

Donna stroked it quickly, coaxing as much out of him as she could. Her wrist and forearm were covered in it and it dripped down onto Sara. Frankie's well was running dry but still provided a flow that his mother craved. She urged every drop out of him that it was possible to give.

"Oh my god!" he moaned as his mother gave his cock one final squeeze.

"Oh Frankie, that was magnificent. What a load baby!"

Frankie slowly climbed out from between Sara's legs and sat on the floor, trying to catch his breath. His breathing was ragged and irregular. His mother, however was not thinking of him at the moment.

She slid between Sara's legs and took in her cum covered belly and chest.

"Ohh Sara, look at you, all covered in cum. Is this how you looked with Frankie and Mindy?" Sara smiled in return.

"Just like this Donna. And then my daughter cleaned me all up."

"Like this baby?" She slid upwards and sucked up a big puddle of cum from Sara's navel. Smiling wickedly she slowly worked her way up licking and sucking up all the cum on her belly. When she reached Sara's breasts she leaned forward toward Sara who also leaned forward and their lips met. Donna opened her mouth and let a stream of cum flow out and unto Sara's arching tongue. Their tongues swished together tasting the delicious nectar.

"Umm, soo good! Feed me more Donna"

Donna bent forward and took Sara's cum covered nipples in her mouth one at a time, sucking in as much as she could. Then she once again kissed Sara, sharing her son's massive load.

"Like my son's cum baby?"

"Love it! Especially when his mother feeds it to me herself." They both smiled.

They continued this process until Sara had been cleaned totally cum free. They both felt like they had swallowed a quart of it. Satisfied, they sat on the couch kissing, swapping the last of it back and forth and licking the spillage from each others chins.

Suddenly they heard a loud sound from the other side of the room. Their heads turned in unison towards the noise. There stood Gina, a shocked look on her face. The noise had been her school backpack tossed unto the floor.

Sara looked at Donna uncertainly. Gina looked shocked and mad as hell.

"Hi honey. I thought you were spending the night at the library. You're home early aren't you? I guess you've already met Mindy's mom."

"Mother!!" Gina howled.

"What baby?" Mad about something?"

"Goddamned right I'm mad. I walk in the door and here are the three of you all naked and ..." She looked a little closer at them. "All covered with cum!"

"I'm not covered in cum," Frankie ventured.

"Oh shut the fuck up Frankie!" She looked back at her mother and Sara.

"If you were going to have a party the least you could have done is told me. I could have skipped the library and been here. Now I've missed the whole thing and I was looking forward to some nice sex when I got home. Shit!"

Suddenly Donna and Sara looked at each other and started laughing. Before long both of them were holding their sides and trying to control it but as soon as they would look at each other, the laughing would start again.

Gina looked at the two of them laughing uncontrollably and just shook her head.

"Pathetic," she said and stomped off to her room.

Epilogue

It was three months after that day in which Sara and Donna had first met. To say that things had changed would be an understatement. Sara had fully accepted and you might say even rejoiced in her new lifestyle. She was finally getting the attention and sex that she had longed for back in the time that she had worried that Mark had been cheating on her. That this attention and sex was coming from both members of her immediate family troubled her not in the least.

For all intents and purposes Mindy now shared their bed with them on a full time basis. Sara now shared her husband with her daughter, delighting in the nasty games they played together on a nightly basis. Having sex with Mindy had delighted Sara beyond all expectations. Her daughter was a willing and inventive sexual partner and never failed to amaze Sara with her energy and desire.

But Sara's fun and games did not end there. She particularly enjoyed the nights that they would invite Donna and her children over for dinner and games. Interesting games. Fun games. Like tonight for instance.

They were at Donna's house this time. Dinner had concluded and everyone had moved into Donna's living room. Sara and Donna sat side by side on the sofa, their thighs touching. Everyone else was scattered around the room.

Donna leaned over and whispered in Sara's ear. Sara smiled in return.

"What a lovely idea. Mindy, Gina, come over here." 

The girls came over to the couch and both mothers whispered into their daughter's ear. The girls smiled in return and walked back into the middle of the room and wiggled their fingers at Mark and Frankie who then got up and walked over to where they were standing.

In unison both girls dropped to their knees, Mindy in front of her father and Gina in front of her brother. Their hands reached up and unfastened the men's pants and slid them down to their ankles. The girls looked at each other with growing excitement. Their lips met and they kissed passionately, their tongues toying with each other. Turning their attention back to the men standing in front of them, they reached out and pulled down their under shorts. Their cocks stood at full attention already.

"Ohh daddy, you're already so hard!" Her tongue reached out and lightly licked the head of his cock. Gina, never the shrinking violet, already had her brother's cock in her mouth.

On the couch Sara and Donna were kissing, their hands on each others pussies. They stood up and stripped down, throwing their clothes into a corner of the room. Sitting back on the couch they resumed fondling each other and watched the show in front of them. Both of their daughters mouths were now full of hard cock.

"Oh Sara. What a sweet and wonderful daughter you have there. I love the way she sucks cock, don't you?"

"Why thank you and yes I do. And she's not bad at eating pussy either."

"Which we both can attest to," Donna laughed. "Ohh, slide your fingers up inside me baby, I'm so wet."

"And Gina, well what a delicious young girl you've raised Donna. I love watching her getting fucked. She's so passionate about it that I can almost cum just watching her. Although I'd much rather cum right in her mouth."

"I know what you mean sweetie. What a talented tongue! Oh fuck Sara, that feels so good!"

"I just love being with you watching our kids having sex. And your fingers in my pussy is an added bonus. Ohhh, finger it good Donna!"

They watched their girls sucking for a bit and then told them to switch off. Quickly, Mindy swallowed Frankie's cock and Gina went to work on Mark.

Donna giggled.

"I think my daughter likes sucking your husband's cock even better than her brother's."

Sara laughed.

"I think she's just like Mindy. She really doesn't care whose cock it is as long as it's long and hard."

"And full of cum."

"Of course. Ohh, rub my clit Donna. Oh yeah right there! Ohh fuck yes!"

They continued kissing and fingering each other while they watched their daughters sucking Mark and Frankie. Mindy and Gina's heads bobbed in unison as they worked on the cocks in their mouths.

"Mindy," Sara said. "See if you can get both cocks in your mouth at the same time."

"Oh Sara you nasty bitch," Donna laughed.

Mark moved closer to Frankie so that both of their cocks were as close together as possible. Mindy bent forward and opened her mouth as wide as possible. Her fathers cock slid safely inside but she could only get the tip of Frankie's in her mouth. Mark slid his halfway out so that Frankie would have more room but try as she would she could not get both of them all the way in.

"Let me try Min," Gina said.

Mindy let the cocks go and Gina bent forward. She had the same problem as Mindy. She could get one in or the other but the second one would not fit. Finally with a snort of disgust she gave up.

"Don't worry girls. You have lots of time to practice. Before you know it you'll be sucking both with no problem," Donna said encouragingly.

"Hon, you can practice at home with daddy and my dildo, ok?"

"I guess mom."

"Donna, I don't know about you but I need to get fucked and fucked hard."

"Umm, me too Sara. My pussy is positively twitching. Come on guys, it's the mommy's turn!"

Frankie and Mark walked over to the couch. Dropping to their knees they pulled Sara and Donna's hips out to the edge of the couch. The women eagerly spread their legs wide apart and the men both buried their faces in the wet pussies in front of them.

"Ohhh...fuck yeah!" Donna moaned as her son's tongue found her clit.

"Oh Mark! That's right! Eat that pussy baby! Oh...."

Gina and Mindy climbed up on the couch and buried their tongues in their mother's mouths. Sara wrapped her arm around her daughter's neck and pulled her closer. What a glorious feeling, she thought. Her husband sucking her pussy while she kissed her daughter, loving the feeling of their tongues swishing together.

Gina moved down and licked her mother's nipples. She watched her brother eating her mother and wished it was her doing it. She loved the taste of her mother's juices. Oh well, she thought, there's all the time in the world. She would get her chance.

"Come on baby. Give me that cock right now!"

Mark stood up, bent his knees slightly and slid his cock inside his wife's wet pussy. Frankie did the same to his mother.

"Oh shit! That's right! Oh god that feels so fucking good," Sara moaned.

"Oh honey! That's it! Fuck mommy good," Donna cried.

The men did their best to do just that. Both cocks, already hard from being sucked, drove in and out of the women in a rhythmic heat. The temperature in the room seemed to rise several degrees.

Mindy climbed up on the couch and swung her leg over her mother's head. Slowly she lowered her pussy to her mother's mouth.

"I love watching daddy fuck you mommy. Now eat my pussy too!"

"Yeah," Donna said. "Tongue fuck your daughter!"

"Tongue fuck this mom," said Gina as she too lowered her pussy to her mother's mouth. She leaned forward and pushed her tongue into her brother's mouth. The only sounds for the next moments were the squishy sounds of fucking and sucking.

Both mothers eagerly applied their oral talents to satisfying their daughters. Sara rapidly drove her tongue in and out of Mindy while Donna concentrated on sucking Gina's clit. Both women knew what their daughters liked best.

"Oh god mom, eat me all up!"

"Tongue me mom! Oh yeah that's it!"

Both girls tossed their heads back and savored the feeling of their mother's tongues deep in their pussies. After a short time they switched positions with each other allowing Donna to lick Mindy and Sara to gobble up Gina.

Both men were getting close to the finish line after several minutes of intense fucking and the women could sense it. Reluctantly, Sara pulled her tongue from Gina's dripping pussy and told the men that they wanted then to cum inside them.

"But mom..." Mindy protested.

"I know baby, you want that cum and you're going to get it but you're just going to have to work a little harder for it."

"Yeah," Donna giggled.

Both women locked their legs around the men to make sure that they wouldn't pull out of them when they came. Soon, first Frankie and then Mark moaned and then came inside the women, shooting their loads deep inside them. Sara came at the same time as Frankie deposited his cum in her pussy, her screams of pleasure filling the room. Donna never completely reached orgasm but nevertheless felt wonderful waves of pleasure as Mark came inside of her. The fact that Mark's wife and daughter watched him fuck her merely added to the wonderful sensation.

Both men slowly pulled out of the women, their cocks beginning to shrivel. The two daughters were quickly on them, sucking and licking up all of the cum and pussy juice from their cocks. The combination of juices was intoxicating.

Sara waited until the girls had cleaned up the men and then she reached down and spread her wet cunt lips apart. Rivers of Frankie's cum dripped out of her and ran down her to her ass.

"Come and get it honey!"

Mindy quickly came to her mother and dropped to her knees in front of her.

"Umm yummy!" she giggled and then buried her tongue inside her mother's dripping pussy. Licking and sucking, she went after every drop of it. Sara helped by pushing as much out of her as she could.

Next to them Donna was gently guiding her own daughter's head in doing the same thing. Gina's lips made slurping noises as she tried to suck it directly out of her mother's pussy. Donna's orgasm, which she had not reached while fucking Mark, hit her now, her howls of pleasure filling the room as Sara's had moments before.

Both girls licked up as much as they could get and then, sensing that there was no more delicious cum to be had, leaned over and kissed each other, their tongues swishing together and swapping whatever juices they could.

Sara and Donna watched them and then smiled lovingly at each other. 

"That was so fucking hot!"

"Unfucking believable!"

"And to think," Donna laughed, "None of this would have happened if you hadn't bought that camera and filmed your husband and daughter together."

"I know," Sara laughed as she leaned over and gave Donna's nipple a quick kiss. "When I saw that first video I guess I knew in some way that I would end up here, although I wouldn't admit it to myself."

"Well you know what they say sweetie, the camera never lies."

"So true baby, so true! Now, who's ready for dessert?"

end of the camera lever lies.



begin Dirty Panties, The laundry basket bring siblings closer together.

Dirty Panties, The laundry basket bring siblings closer together.

Dirty Panties
byAubug©
I pulled up at my parents house a little bit down. After 4 years of college, I was finally done with school and had my degree in hand, but hadn't landed that first job yet. I'd finally resolved myself to waiting it out for a bit at home; maybe working a few part time gigs, and keep my ear to ground for the right opportunity. It would come, but it just wasn't there yet.

I pulled up to find my kid sister, Megan at the house. She was in the front room with one of her friends with her. I smiled when I saw her and in many ways envied her; Megan was graduating high school and ready to head off to the collegiate adventure that I just got done with.

"Hey squirt, it's good to see you again." I said as I gave her a big hug, "and who's this?" I asked.

She hugged me back, "it's good to see you too big brother. Here let me introduce you two, John, this is my friend Erica, Erica, my big brother John. We were just finishing off some homework. 

"So Megan tells me you just got done with college, but are still looking for the right job?"

"That's kind of a nice way to say no one will hire me just yet, isn't it?" I joked.

"Well, since you put it that way..." and we all laughed.

"Look bro, we've got to run, we're almost late for rehearsal down at the school, but you'll be around for a little while, and we'll have lots of time, right?"

"Don't worry, you get out of here," I said, "but I'll be here when you get back."

And they were off, but as they were walking out the door, I heard a squeal of laughter from the two of them, and Megan shouting back at her friend, "NO, NO, NO!!!"

I had no idea what that was about, but they were gone now. I honestly didn't think much about it, and went on with my tasks of unpacking, then went off to bed as I really needed the sleep. Megan clearly got in a little bit late as I didn't even notice her arrival.

I suppose that's the way it's been for some time around the house where people just kind of come and go. I've been off at college, and my parents both work; Dad travels a lot and Mom works some weird shifts and some pretty long hours, and as a consequence, it really isn't that uncommon for us to not see one or both of them for several nights at a time. Consequently, we all kind of take turns feeding the cat, cleaning the house, or doing the laundry. It works for us.

I woke up the next morning early and had gone out to talk to a few people about work in the want ad's. The jobs weren't necessarily what I was originally looking for, but any kind of job to start clearing up a few debts would be a really nice thing at this point. I spent some time talking with recruiters around town all morning, and met up with an old high school friend for lunch before we finally headed back to the house together.

It was nice to see Bill, and we came back to the house intending to talk a little bit and catch up.

"So, can I get you a soda or anything," I asked Bill.

He was looking out the back window, "what, oh, sorry, sure..."

He hadn't looked away when I walked over with a Coke for him and saw what he was gazing at: it was Megan. She apparently had picked up the habit of sunbathing and was out in the backyard in a micro-bikini with her ass stuck in our direction. Her legs were a little bit apart, and I could see he was staring at the insides of her thighs.

I smacked him upside the head, "hey, you can't be staring like that, she's my sister."

"Sister or not, dude, that's a fine piece of ass, you got to admit. Come on, how much can that girl weigh and what kind of bra does she wear, it's got to be at least a C-cup" he said, pulling out his cell phone and snapping a picture of my scantily clad sister. 

She must have heard us in the house, and she turned around on her towel, and raised herself up on her arms, then seeing us, smiled and waved. When she pushed herself up, I could see just how right he was as her large breasts hung down in the cups of her top. It really was quite a sight.

I then actually looked at her, probably for the first time in my life with an open mind realizing she was actually a woman now. It was really upsetting to me to see her. He was right, she was beautiful; a petite 5'2", maybe 115 lbs soaking wet, long light brown hair which she had pulled up in a pony tail while sunbathing. But almost more disturbing was to actually see her shapely legs, round bubble butt, small waist and then to actually notice her large boobs.

She really was beautiful, and I was thinking about how I'd broken up with my girlfriend a few months back and hadn't gotten laid in forever... I tried to snap back to reality; this was wrong, and I had to put the thoughts out of my head and get back to business.

"Come on," I said pretending to laugh, "let's go talk for a little while." And I drug him back to the kitchen where we started talking and catching up, but it wasn't more than 10 minutes later that Megan finally walked back through in her bikini.

Bill almost jumped out of his chair when he heard the door click, and he called to her interrupting our conversation, "So, it's Megan, isn't it?"

"Yes, do I know you?" she asked him.

"Oh you've got to remember me, it's Bill, Bill Westerfield? I graduated with your brother from high school."

"Megan, you don't remember all of the guys I graduated from school with and are now trying to hit on you?" I sneered at him.

"Wait, maybe I do." And she stopped and looked at him. "Did you play baseball with John?"

Bill was nodding now, trying to encourage her.

"And did you drive that really old, beat-up Mustang?"

"That's the one..." Bill said triumphantly.

"Nope, don't remember you at all!" Megan teased, and then ran out of the kitchen. "I've got to get a quick shower and get dressed."

And I could see Bill's eyes on her, watching her girl parts as she exited the room. He was watching her ass wiggling and her heavy boobs bouncing as she walked out of the room. I suddenly hated him for it, but even more than that, I suddenly hated myself because I had to admit to myself that I was watching her too.

"You know John, I really do have to get going," Bill suddenly said, and got up following the sight of my little sister's bikini clad body walk down the hall and up the stairs.

"Get out of here you porn-dog," I said, hitting him in the head with a ball of socks from the clean laundry basket. "Let me know if you hear anything on any of those jobs, ok?" I said.

"You know it!" he said as he did a noticeable cock repositioning in his pants.

We exchanged a high-five, and he was out the door, but not before I noticed him pause one last time, staring up the hall to where my little sister was ducking into her bedroom. 

I finally pushed him out the door, and was heading back to my bedroom when Megan stepped back out in her bathrobe.

"So..." she asked, "who was that again?" 

"I thought you'd figured it out with all the detail you managed to spit out," I said.

"Well sort of," she replied.

"Look Meg, you stay away from him," I said, "he's bad news."

"Maybe I like bad boys," she laughed, and stepped into the bathroom shutting the door behind her. Within seconds, she had turned the water on to the shower. I was a little angry from the flirting going on between her and Bill, but was at a little bit of a loss as to why.

We've always kept a dirty laundry hamper outside the bath at the end of the hall, and she'd tossed her bikini into the hamper as she ran in to the bath. I glanced down at the hamper to see her suit, and it all started to fall into place, I was having some weird sexual draw to my little sister. I knew it wasn't right, but I dug through the basket for a second and pulled out one of her dirty bras; "damn, they are 34C's" I mumbled to myself. 

I then hesitantly reached down and picked up her bikini panties and touched the crotch where her little pussy had been just a minute earlier. It was still warm, and I paused for a second thinking about what I was about to do, then did it anyway and held it to my nose, inhaling deeply and breathing in her scent. My cock was already hard as I examined the little panty a bit closer. The crotch area was damp and carried that smell, you know, that girl smell that I just can't get enough of. I knew it was wrong, but I unzipped my pants, and felt my stiff cock while continuing to examine my little sisters' dirty panties. 

Breathing as deeply as possible, I let my tongue slip out and taste the crotch fantasizing about what was beneath that little bikini; her large young boobs topped with hard pink nipples I was suspecting. The fantasy continued, what about her little cunt? She had to shave her little muff to fit it all inside that little bikini panty, she must shave, I glanced back into her panties, not a single pubic hair. Yeah, I bet she's fully shaved...

I heard the shower turn off and it snapped me back to reality. I suddenly realized what I'd done and felt more than a little odd. I quickly zipped up and threw her bikini bottoms back into the hamper and ran back to my room barely closing the door before I heard her open the bathroom and walk out. It was probably just my imagination, but she seemed to pause in the hall before heading back in to her bedroom.

I laid on the bed with a pillow over my head wondering what to do with no good ideas coming to me; this was way too weird. In a few minutes, I heard Megan knock on the door.

"Yeah?" I responded.

Megan poked her head in. Oh my god did she look good. I could smell her perfume, and she was dressed in this little camisole top, tight blue jeans, and a pair of pumps. Her breasts were tumbling out of the top and I was completely unable to look away.

"Hey Big Bro, I'm going to head out for a little bit, you know, go do girl things with Erica. I'll be back before too long."

I tried to smile at her still staring at her boobs, "ok, I'll probably still be here."

And she bent over giving me a full shot of her heavy cleavage, gave me a little kiss on the head, and was out.

As soon as I heard the car start in the drive, I immediately jumped up and watched her drive out. What was wrong with me, I can't have the hots for my sister. I mean, maybe my friends can be watching my sister's ass, but that doesn't mean I should... I wasn't really sure what to do or what to think. I got up and walked back to the end of the hall and peered down at my sister's dirty little panties again, then turned away. Finally, a little dazed and confused, I decided to go out and spend the rest of the day job hunting again.

I got home later that night. I was a little afraid to face Megan again and was hoping she'd gone to bed earlier as I kind of needed a cooling off period. And when I got back that night, my folks were in bed, but Megan was still up watching late night tv. 

"Hey Bro, I was wondering when you'd get back. Sit down," she said, patting the couch cushion next to her. "What were you up to?"

"Job hunting for most of it," I said, "then I met up with a friend."

 "Bill again?"

"Yeah..."

"So," she asked, "did he talk about me?"

"All the time," I replied, "but I told him to stop."  "Why's that Bro?"  "For starters, he won't shut up. You know Megan, you're my sister, and it's just not right for him to say those kinds of things about you," I replied.

"Oh John, that's so chivalrous of you, you do care!" Megan laughed at me. "But you know, it's still nice to be noticed you know."

"Maybe, but it's still weird," I replied.

"You know, Erica thinks you're cute too," she said smiling at me.

"Megan!" I shot back, "we just went through this about you."

And she leaned over and whispered in my ear laughing, "I told her to stop too! It just didn't seem right to hear her talking about your butt! You're my big brother."

"Well, I'm flattered, none the less," I laughed. "You know, Bill said much more descriptive things about you."

"I'm sure I'm flattered too," she said. 

"Maybe, maybe not..." I replied.

And then it started up again. "John, I'm all tight, it's been a long day, can I talk you into rubbing my shoulders," she asked as she sat down on the floor below me.

I didn't know how to refuse her; I really didn't want to refuse her as all I could think about was touching her.

I reached out to touch her shoulders at first, and listened to her start purring. Her skin was so soft, and I could still smell the last of her perfume. I could see right down her little camisole top and the more I rubbed, the more her breasts rubbed up against her shirt and the more prominent her nipples became.

My dick was getting hard again...

"Please John, rub a little lower..."

And she stretched out on the floor.

I followed her down sitting next to her rubbing her middle and lower back. After a few minutes of this, she said, "You know John, it works best if you sit on me, then you can massage better."

I couldn't believe she was suggesting this. 

"I suppose you're right," I replied. I then, at least slightly reluctantly, climbed up and mounted my little sister's ass. I was pretty glad at that point that I had on loose shorts and when I felt my nuts rub up against her little butt, I was positively in heaven. 

I restarted her back rub with a bit more vigor at this point and got a little more bold, rubbing her sides and slowly began working my way up until I was just below her full breasts. I let my hands run slowly up her sides, almost fully pausing at her soft young boobs, before continuing back down and starting on her shoulders again. I did the full rotation more than a few times on her, going slower each time when I reached the sides of her breasts feeling her up way too well knowing she was my little sister. My cock was so stiff and it was becoming all too obvious how I was grinding my crotch against her back door.

She had to know what was going on, and I finally realized I'd better stop.

"OK Sis, my hands are getting tired," I said.

"Ohhhhh," she cried. "That was so good, I could let you do that for just forever..." she purred. "Are you sure you need to stop?" And she laid there just breathing for a minute before she continued, "I guess I'm going to get a quick shower, then head to bed, ok?"  "That's good," I smiled.

When she got up, my eyes went immediately to her boobs. Her nipples were poking extremely prominently through her little top. My mouth all but fell open as she came over and gave me a hug rubbing those beautiful tities up against me, "I owe you one," she said.

I sat down for a minute catching my breath, then turned off the TV and headed upstairs.

As I got there, I saw Megan walk slowly across the hallway in her bathrobe like earlier, seemingly almost deliberately throwing her dirty clothes into the hamper. And then the bathroom door closed.

I waited not more than a second after hearing the click of the door, almost running to the hamper.

Her dirty panties were there, directly on top. 

They were still warm as I picked them up. I put the white, silky soft fabric to my nose again, breathing in her girly aroma. I reached into my pants, stroking my all too hard cock, breathing in her smell again and again. I pulled them back examining my prize, finally noticing what appeared to be a prominent wet spot in the crotch. Could it be that she's just as hot for me as I was for her? I seemed too good to be true... My tongue snaked out, and tasted her while I continued to rub my stiff dick.

I knew what I was going to do next; I couldn't stop myself. I wrapped her dirty stained panties around my cock and started to stroke, imaging her tight dewy little cunt stretched around my cock. I closed my eyes and fantasized of her lying on her back with her legs spread wide for her big brother, her tits bouncing up and down while I fucked her. The vision was too overwhelming and while I tried to hold back, it wasn't more than a minute before I began shooting load after load of cum into the crotch of my little sisters dirty panties; right where her young damp little pussy had been just minutes before.

I was still standing there, breathing hard with her underwear wrapped around my cock when I heard the shower shut off. I took a final deep breath looking down at what I'd done. I'd shot so much cum that her panties were positively soaked with my load and jizz was actually puddled up in the crotch, but I had to admit that I felt a lot better. I took one last deep breath, then dropped her panties back in hamper as I stepped back into my room and lay down on my bed.

In the next minute or so, I heard the bath door open, and saw the hall light come on for just a minute, then it went back out, and I heard the floor creak as Megan headed back to her room.

"Good night John, I love you Big Brother." I heard her say.

"Love you too Meg, good night."

While a little conflicted, I at least fell asleep quickly, but I didn't necessarily sleep well as I kept waking up with a stiff cock and dreams of having sex with Megan.



I got up the next morning a little late, and when I headed to the bathroom, I glanced at the hamper to look at my little trophy from the night before, but the entire hamper was gone and the wash was running downstairs. I took a quick shower, then headed downstairs to find Megan in the kitchen. 

She hadn't gotten fully dressed yet, and still had her short nighty on, and her white silky panties were covering her round ass which poked out a little bit from under the nighty. I looked at her and inappropriately admired her; she had the sexy frowsy kind of look a beautiful woman can show you after a night of passion, the nighty gave her way too much cleavage and her boobs were sticking through the silky material just like the last time I'd seen her the night before.

Had she no shame? Did she have any idea what this was doing to me?

"Hey big brother," she said, smiling at me. "I had a really good time talking last night."

"Me too," I replied, "it's nice having a family again, isn't it?"  Absolutely, she replied. "You got big plans today?"  "Job interview," I said. "It starts in about an hour, so I've got to move."

"I know you're going to get this one," she said. "And I'll tell you what, its Friday night, and Mom and Dad always go out, so when you get home, it'll be just you and me. We'll get a pizza and watch a movie, and spend the night together, brother and sister, OK?

"Sounds great, Megan. It should be fun."

And she headed off to get her shower. I watched her little ass wiggle off up the stairs and felt my cock stir again. 

This really wasn't healthy...





I pulled up to the house pretty late and ran inside feeling quite good about myself.

"So, how'd it go today?" Megan asked.

"I got it, it's not a bad job," I stated triumphantly. "It's even a pretty good position with good hours working inventory management down at the mall."

"Congratulations!!" Megan squealed, "it sounds like it's time for a celebration!"

"Absolutely," I said giving her a big hug. In the moment, I even felt confident enough to let my hands wander a little and brush up against her ass during the embrace.

"OK, well, the pizza's going to be here pretty quick, so let's get set up and you can tell me all about the position," she said excitedly.

And as she said, the pizza was there almost instantaneously, and we sat down and ate and talked and laughed. I told her all about the new job and we enjoyed each other's company for the next couple of hours.

We'd long since gotten rid of the pizza at this point, and finally Megan kind of snuggled up against me on the couch. "You know, last night, you made me feel so good, that I'd like to return the favor, tonight, I'm going to give you a back rub," she stated. "Here, lay down."

And she jumped down on the floor, looking up at me expectantly from between my legs. I climbed down and stretched out, she started rubbing my shoulders.


"You know, this works better on skin," she said, and started pulling my shirt up, "come on now, take it off..."

"You sure Megan?" I asked. I was more than a little nervous about this.

"Absolutely," she insisted, "it's just me."

And she started rubbing my shoulders and back, and it was positively wonderful. 

"You're so tight," she said. "What's wrong?"  "Stress I guess" I lied to her, "probably the job hunt." After all, I couldn't tell her the truth that it was sexual frustration of watching her young titties bounce around the house every night.

"Well, that should get be better now," she said. And we grew silent for the next few minutes as she continued on her efforts.

Her hands worked up and down and in little circles up and down my back. Then she started to work lower to rub my legs and then spent a few minutes rubbing my ass. 

After this, she had me roll over, "I want to do your chest too," she said. "Keep your eyes closed and just relax."

She rubbed my chest, then worked her way down, rubbing my abs, and finally got to near my hips. She had to see at this point that my cock was rock hard, and almost sticking out of my waistband.

"John, did you and Sherri have sex?"

"Megan..." I shot back. I couldn't believe she was asking me these kinds of questions about my ex-girlfriend.

"I want to know, I mean, well... you know, I'm going to college in a few months, and I want to know what boys think, what they expect...."

"Well, yes...." I finally replied.

And there was a bit of an uncomfortable pause, then she continued again.

"Did she suck your dick, John, do boys like that?"

I decided to see where it was going to go, and responded to her, "not too often, she really liked me to give her oral, and she'd always have an orgasm like that, but she didn't return the favor that often." 

"Did you like it?"  "Megan, I'm a guy, of course I liked it, who doesn't like that?"

"I haven't done it yet with a guy, but I'm kind of curious." She paused, "Erica does it with her boyfriend and she really likes it." And she paused again, "Did Sherri like it with you?"

"I hope so," I responded, "but I was never really sure. She did leave me after all."

"I can't imagine that, you're so nice and sweet," she responded. "I want to try sex, but I'm afraid of most guys. You know, Erica offered me her boyfriend, she wants to watch." She paused here, but kept rubbing my chest, "and I almost did once. I watched her and her boyfriend from the closet, and it did get me excited, can I tell you about it?"

"You can do whatever you want right now Megan..., just don't stop that."

"We had a deal, I could hide in her closet and watch and if I wanted to, I could come out and join in. So he came in and they kissed for a few minutes, but then when she started to, you know, suck him, I got scared."

"Scared?" I asked. 

"I mean, he wasn't mean or rough or anything, but he started to talk dirty with her and tell her what to do."

"Did you like that?" I asked starting to try to pull out details.

"I kind of did, but I didn't know what to think at first." She paused again. "He was telling her how to suck him, and to do things, like tickle his balls and all. He pushed into her mouth and held himself in deep. She was gagging and chocking, and he was loving it, I could tell, but Erica claims to love it because it makes him happy."

"And then..." I asked, almost ready to cum in my pants. 

"Then he put on a rubber and they, you know, fucked. He came just a few minutes later and Erica threw him out."

"Wow... " I said.

"Well, after she got him out the door, she came and got me, and we giggled about it. Here, I'll tell you the rest of the story... Erica gave me the condom, and I tasted his cum that night."

I didn't know what to say to that...

"I know, you think that was horrible," she finally replied.  "No, it's kind of hot Megan, any guy would like that." I took a deep breath, and decided to keep going. 

"So, did you like it? His cum?"

And she whispered, "yeah, I kind of did..."

"What then, Megan? Any more details, Sis?"

"Ok, after that, we were both really hot and excited. Erica didn't cum with her boyfriend, so we both lay down on her bed together and masturbated, it was so dirty."

"Megan, what did you and Erica do?"

She cut me off, "No! It wasn't like that." And there was a long pause here before she continued, "but Erica wants too... I do remember how we'd touch when we were playing with the vibrators, I could feel her breasts rubbing up against my side, and there was a piece of me that kind of liked it."

And she paused again, "John, last night when I got out of the shower, I found my panties in the laundry basket, and they were all wet; I need to know, was that you?" and her hands went to my crotch and started rubbing my member.

And I jumped.

"No, no, it's ok," she said quickly, "please don't be mad... please...I mean, I'm not mad" she begged. And I relaxed and she started rubbing my cock again.

I nodded, "yes, I'm sorry..."

"Oh don't be sorry, I was so hoping it was your cum." And she unzipped my pants, and took my member out. "I took them back to my room and tasted it. Oh god, I shouldn't be telling you this... I took them back to my room, and there was so much cum in there; I sucked on them getting all of your cum out of them. I sucked and licked them and then held them to my pussy while I masturbated."

She kept stroking my cock.

"So John, did you jerk off on your teen age sisters dirty panties?" she asked.

I nodded in resignation, "Megan, ever since that first day home when Bill was over and you were sunbathing in your bikini. Bill made all these inappropriate statements, and it made me mad, but ever since then, all I can think about is you."

"Thank god," she blurted out, "it's not just me! Can you show me what boys like?"

"Oh Megan, we've got to be careful here, or I'm going to lose control." And I pulled her hand away from my groin, stood up, and pulled her top off finally seeing her large breasts for the first time.

"Do you like," she asked? "They're 34C's," she declared proudly.

"I know," I told her, "I checked it out at the laundry hamper too, and yes, they're beautiful." I reached out and squeezed what I'd been trying to get my hands on now for the last week. I kissed her for the first time while plucking my little sisters hard, puckered, large pink nipples. She moaned approval as I finally enjoyed her breasts for the first time in all their intended glory.

I then pulled her panties off to reveal a perfectly shaved pussy. Smiling in approval, I reached down to touch her there. "A little wet, aren't you sis? I asked her.

"Mmmmm...please" was all she had to say.

I pulled her thighs open, pushed a finger to her little hole to find the moisture source, then rubbed the wetness around beginning to focus on her clit. She was way too tight to get a finger inside, but jumped and twisted and turned. She kept moaning and begging for more. "Please John, show me how you'd lick Sherri..."

"Ok, I hope you like it," I said. I then gave her another kiss on her mouth, our tongues touching for the first time, then lowered my lips to my kid sister's pussy...

"Mmmm... oh.... Oh, John... so good.... I never knew....."

I took my time and savored her soft skin. I touched the insides of her soft thighs and kissed her there. I could smell the same aroma which was on her panties and I really wanted to taste her young little hole. It was so wet down there and I finally gave in to the temptation. I kissed slowly up her slit, taking time to push my tongue in here, before moving up to her clit. I sucked and chewed on her little pussy for what seemed like forever as she just continued to moan and whimper.

She'd move her hands to my head and held me in place whimpering and begging for more. The next thing I heard was "gonna cum, oh, oh, oh, don't stop, please... gonna cum... big brother's tongue.... So wrong... so dirty... Oh no, oh..........."

And she pushed my head away, while laughing and rubbing her thighs together.

"Thank you brother," she said while panting and breathing hard. "Erica always said a soft tongue was the best..." She laughed at me, then gave me a full tongue kiss tasting her own juices from my chin while rubbing her hands up and down my body trying to get me out of the rest of my clothes. 

"Hold on a minute," I told her as I sat up on the couch and spread my legs. "Ok, now I'm ready."

She got down on her knees and climbed between my open legs, then looked up at me and nodded. 

"Have you ever done this before?" I asked as she started to kiss the head of my cock.

"No, I've only watched Erica that once, but it seems kind of natural," she said as she took my hard cock in her mouth, "I want my big brother to be my first."

She really was a natural born cock sucker. She kissed up and down the length of my bone getting the shaft really wet, then took the head in her mouth looking up at me now and then, locking eyes with me and giving me this sultry look. 

"Do you like it," she finally asked? "Am I a good little cock sucker?"

All I could do was sigh, "what's not to like here?"

"I just wanted to be sure, it's not every girl that gets to suck off her big brother." 

Then she went back to work, going down, licking one of my balls, then the other and rubbing her face all over my sack. She then started working it deeper and deeper down her throat while rubbing my balls with her hands. She'd hold it deep in her throat, then pull back choking a little bit and gasping for air. Then she'd do it again and again until she finally had the entire thing in her mouth, her lips pressed up against my belly, my balls resting on her chin, and little rivulets of spittle running down her chin.

"Megan, I'm going to cum soon, do you want me to..." but she cut me off.

"Yes, please," she mumbled between slurps. "I want to taste your cum. I don't want it in my panties anymore, but straight in my mouth. Please..." And she sat there with her mouth open, asking for me to finish up.

She nodded to me, "Please fuck your little sister's throat and cum in her mouth..."

I couldn't believe what was happening to me, but I took her head in my hands and began to work her head up and down my cock, slowly fucking her mouth. It was so good listening to her little gagging sounds and feeling her warm wet lips close around my cock and feeling the back of her throat when I pushed in deeply. 

I couldn't hold back forever, and soon I started to feel my nuts tighten.

"Here it is Megan," I warned her as I took my cock in hand for the final stroke.

She nodded and opened her mouth as I shot my load on her waiting tongue. I couldn't believe I had so much cum left in my balls, and I blew rope after rope of jizz onto my little sister's open mouth. She was trying hard to catch it all in her mouth, but some of it did catch her across the eyes and nose and some of it ran out of the edge of her mouth finally dripping down her chin.

I looked down at her cum coated face. She was smiling and licking her lips.

"Did you like it?" I finally asked.

"Loved it," she replied. She then took my hand and used it to begin scooping up any of the remaining cum to feed to her. I understood what she wanted, and finished the job without her help. She sucked each finger clean of my cum, seemingly savoring every little drop.

She sat there between my legs for the next minute or so, savoring the taste of my load and licking her lips to catch the last of it. Then she continued on, tickling my balls a little bit and sucking the last of the cum out of my slowly deflating cock. After she finally seemed satisfied with it all, she got up, and gave me a hug and kiss on the cheek. I could smell the cum on her breath when she whispered in my ear, "I love the taste of your cum, thanks for being my first, big brother. Can we do this again tomorrow?"

I nodded my approval and watched her bare little sweetheart shaped ass wiggle up the steps and back to her bed room.

But her dirty panties were still on the floor in front of me.

end of Dirty Panties, The laundry basket bring siblings closer together.






















